Suicide and Self-Harm Policy Explainer
Suicide and Self-Harm Risk
At Discord, we are committed to creating a safe online environment and preventing harm. We understand the importance of a strong community and positive surroundings when it comes to mental well-being.

We do not allow coordinating acts of self-harm or showing harmful actions towards oneself. Self-harm is when someone deliberately hurts themselves physically. Examples of self-harm behaviors include intentionally ending one's life, engaging in disordered eating patterns, etc.

Self-Harm Encouragement and Promotion
Using Discord to glorify or promote suicide or self-harm is not allowed under any circumstance. We believe in fostering a positive and healthy environment where users can come together to support one another. However, it is important that these discussions do not promote or normalize self-harm behaviors. Our goal is to ensure that everyone feels safe and supported.

How to Avoid Violating These Policies
If you are not sure whether a piece of content might violate these policies, don’t post it
Do not share illustrations of self-harm
Do not encourage, promote, or normalize self-harm
Do not discourage others from seeking treatment for self-harming behaviors
How to Report Violations of These Policies
Reporting safety violations is critically important to keeping you and the broader Discord community safe. All Discord users can report policy violations in the app by following the instructions here. For more information on these policies, please reference our Community Guidelines #11.

Resources
If you or another user is in immediate danger, please contact law enforcement right away and let them know what's going on, regardless of the information you're able to provide.

Discord partners with Crisis Text Line, a nonprofit that provides 24/7 text-based mental health support and crisis intervention via trained volunteer crisis counselors. Crisis Text Line is currently available to those in the United States and is offered in both English and Spanish. You can read more about this partnership here.
Other resources, such as lifeline numbers, can be found here.