Child safety policy


The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
Update: Content that targets young minors and families but contains sexual themes, violence, obscene, or other mature themes not suitable for young audiences, is not allowed on YouTube. In addition to your titles, descriptions, and tags, ensure your audience selection matches the audience your content is suitable for.
YouTube doesn’t allow content that endangers the emotional and physical well-being of minors. A minor is someone under 18 years old.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. If you believe that a child is in danger, you should get in touch with your local law enforcement to report the situation immediately.

Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've found multiple videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report the channel.

What this policy means for you
If you're posting content
Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions below.

Sexualization of minors: Sexually explicit content featuring minors and content that sexually exploits minors including minor nudity posted with comedic intent. We report content containing child sexual abuse imagery to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, who work with global law enforcement agencies.
Harmful or dangerous acts involving minors: Content showing a minor participating in dangerous activities or encouraging minors to do dangerous activities, particularly if someone watching could imitate the dangerous act or if the content encourages or praises the dangerous act. Never put minors in harmful situations that may lead to injury, including dangerous stunts, challenges, dares, or pranks. Dangerous acts include, but are not limited to, any act in the categories listed under Extremely Dangerous challenges, such as asphyxiation or electrocution.
Examples include content that shows minors:
Drinking alcohol
Using vaporizers, e-cigarettes, tobacco, or marijuana
Misusing fireworks
Using firearms unsupervised
Inflicting or advocating for the infliction of physical, sexual or emotional maltreatment or neglect of a child, including inflicting emotional distress on minors.
Content that contains infliction of physical, sexual, or emotional abuse of a child within an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context and with blurring may receive an exception.
Content that could cause minor participants or viewers emotional distress, including:
Exposing minors to mature themes
Simulating parental abuse
Coercing minors
Violence
Misleading family content: Content that targets young minors and families, but contains:
Sexual themes
Violence
Obscenity or other mature themes not suitable for young audiences
Medical procedures
Self harm
Use of adult horror characters
Other inappropriate themes intended to shock young audiences
Content that targets young minors and families with age-inappropriate themes within an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context may receive an exception. This is not a pass to target young minors and families with mature themes intended to shock young audiences.
Family friendly cartoons that target young minors and contain adult or age-inappropriate themes such as violence, sex, death, drugs, and more. We don’t allow content labeled as suitable for kids in the video's title, description, tags, or in the audience selection if it contains age-inappropriate themes.
Make sure your titles, descriptions, and tags match the audience you're targeting. In addition, ensure your audience selection accurately represents the audience your content is suitable for. You can also age restrict your content upon upload if it’s intended for mature audiences.
Cyberbullying and harassment involving minors: Content that:
Intends to shame, deceive or insult a minor
Reveals personal information like email addresses or bank account numbers
Contains sexualization
Encourages others to bully or harass
This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, Stories, Community posts, live streams, playlists, and any other YouTube product or feature. Keep in mind that this isn't a complete list.

Please note these policies also apply to external links in your content. This can include clickable URLs, verbally directing users to other sites in video, as well as other forms.

Age-restricted content
Content featuring minors
Examples
Here are some examples of content not allowed on YouTube.

Videos or posts featuring minors involved in provocative, sexual, or sexually suggestive activities, challenges and dares, such as kissing or groping.
Showing minors involved in dangerous activities. For example, physical stunts, using weapons or explosives, or using a controlled substance like alcohol or nicotine including use of vapes or e-cigarettes.
A video with tags like "for children", or whose audience is set to “Yes, it’s made for kids”, featuring family friendly cartoons engaging in inappropriate acts like injecting needles.
Remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

More examples
What happens if content violates this policy
If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the option to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. The 90 day period starts from when the training is completed, not when the warning is issued. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel may be terminated. Learn more about our strikes system.

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. Learn more about channel or account terminations.

We have zero tolerance for predatory behavior on YouTube. If we think a child is in danger based on reported content, we’ll help law enforcement investigate the content.


