How YouTube evaluates Educational, Documentary, Scientific & Artistic (EDSA) content
Our Community Guidelines aim to make YouTube a safer community. Sometimes, content that would otherwise violate our Community Guidelines may stay on YouTube when it has Educational, Documentary, Scientific, or Artistic (EDSA) context. In these cases, the content gets an EDSA exception. This article has tips for how you can add context—more information that informs or educates viewers—to your EDSA content.

Note: Adding context to your EDSA content doesn’t guarantee that it will get an EDSA exception.
How content gets an EDSA exception
We assess whether content gets an EDSA exception on a case-by-case basis. First, we check if there’s a Community Guidelines violation in the content. If there’s a violation, we review if there’s enough context in the content to make an EDSA exception. We review WHAT context is present and WHERE the context is.

What context to add to your EDSA content
The type of context you must include to get an EDSA exception depends on what’s in the content.

We make most EDSA exceptions when content has one or more of the following:

1. Basic facts about what’s happening in the content: Identify who’s in the content, describe what the content shows or when and where it takes place, or explain why certain content is present.

Examples of basic facts
2. Condemnation, opposing views, or satire: Communicate that your content condemns certain claims, includes opposing points of view, or is satirical.

Examples of condemnation, opposing views, or satire
3. Discouragement of dangerous behavior: Tell viewers not to imitate what’s in the video.

Examples of discouraging dangerous behavior
Note: The above examples aren't a complete list of the context that you can add to your EDSA content. When in doubt, add multiple forms of context to your EDSA content. To help prevent content from causing harm, include the info in your video, not just your video’s title or description.

When in doubt, include different types of context described above: basic factual information that explains what’s in your content, multiple points of view, and clear and informative discouragement against imitating dangerous or harmful behavior. Be sure to include this information in the content itself, like the video or audio, to help avoid the content potentially causing harm.

In some cases, we may make EDSA exceptions to allow certain content based on public interest. This could include, for example, content like national political candidates on the campaign trail, graphic footage from active warzones or humanitarian crises, or comments disputing health authority guidance made during a public hearing. We may apply an age restriction or warning to content even if it gets an EDSA exception because it may not be appropriate for viewers under 18 (e.g. violent crime footage in a documentary).

WHERE to add context to your EDSA content
You can add context to your:

Video
For example, you can add footage or text overlays.
Audio
For example, you can add narration including condemnation or a countervailing point of view.
Video title
Video description
Note: We may not make EDSA exceptions for context that may be in comments, tags, channel descriptions, pinned comments, or other surfaces. That content isn’t always visible to viewers.
Important: For content that risks the most harm, we require context in the VIDEO or AUDIO. The video and audio are the parts of the content where viewers will most likely get the context, including when the content is embedded on other websites or apps. Content where we require context in the audio or video to give an EDSA exception includes content related to hate speech, violent criminal organizations, child safety, suicide and self-harm, and graphic violence.
What about other types of content, like comments?

The same policies and guidelines that apply to videos also apply to other types of content.

Content that may not get EDSA exceptions
Certain content may not be allowed on YouTube, even if it has context added.

Child Sexual Abuse Media (CSAM)
Video, still imagery, or audio of violent physical sexual assaults
The act of decapitation
Footage filmed by the perpetrator of a deadly or major violent event that shows weapons, violence, or injured victims
Unmodified reuploads of content created by or glorifying violent terrorist or criminal organizations
Instructions on how to self-harm or die by suicide
Instructions on how to build a bomb that’s meant to injure or kill others
Instructions on how to manufacture a firearm or prohibited accessories
Offers of prohibited sales
Instructions on how to use computers or information technology to compromise personal data or cause serious harm to others
Content that reveals an individual’s private information, such as their home address, email addresses, sign-in credentials, phone numbers, passport number, or bank account information (doxxing)
Hardcore pornography
Spam