Hate speech policy

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
Hate speech is not allowed on YouTube. We don’t allow content that promotes violence or hatred against individuals or groups based on any of the following attributes, which indicate a protected group status under YouTube’s policy:
Age
Caste, Ethnicity, or Race
Disability
Immigration Status
Nationality
Religion
Sex, Gender, or Sexual Orientation
Veteran Status
Victims of a major violent event and their kin
If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report the channel.

What this policy means for you
If you're posting content
Don’t post content on YouTube if the purpose of that content is to do one or more of the following:

Encourage violence against individuals or groups based on their protected group status. We don’t allow threats on YouTube, and we treat implied calls for violence as real threats. You can learn more about our policies on threats and harassment.
Incite hatred against individuals or groups based on their protected group status.
Other types of content that violates this policy
Educational, documentary, scientific, and artistic content
This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature. Please note these policies also apply to external links in your content. This can include clickable URLs, verbally directing users to other sites in video, as well as other forms.

For educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic content that includes hate speech, this context must appear in the images or audio of the video itself. Providing it in the title or description is insufficient.

Monetization and other penalties
In some rare cases, we may remove content or issue other penalties when a creator:

Repeatedly encourages abusive audience behavior.
Repeatedly targets, insults, and abuses a group based on protected group status across multiple uploads.
Exposes a group with protected group status to risks of physical harm based on the local social or political context.
Creates content that harms the YouTube ecosystem by persistently inciting hostility against a group with protected group status for personal financial gain.
Examples
Here are examples of hate speech not allowed on YouTube.

“I’m glad this [violent event] happened. They got what they deserved [referring to people with protected group status].”
“[People with protected group status] are dogs” or “[people with protected group status] are like animals.”
More examples
Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the option to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. The 90 day period starts from when the training is completed, not when the warning is issued. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel may be terminated. Learn more about our strikes system.

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. Learn more about channel or account terminations.

The importance of context
Recent transparency report