Nudity & Sexual Content Policy


The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
Explicit content meant to be sexually gratifying is not allowed on YouTube. Posting pornography may result in content removal or channel termination. Videos containing fetish content will be removed or age-restricted. In most cases, violent, graphic, or humiliating fetishes are not allowed on YouTube.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report the channel.

Sexually explicit content featuring minors and content that sexually exploits minors is not allowed on YouTube. We report content containing child sexual abuse imagery to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, who work with global law enforcement agencies.

What this policy means for you
If you're posting content
Explicit content that violates this policy could result in channel termination. This policy applies to real-world, dramatized, illustrated, and animated content, including sex scenes, video games, and music.

Don’t post content on YouTube if it shows:

The depiction of clothed or unclothed genitals, breasts, or buttocks that are meant for sexual gratification.
Pornography, the depiction of sexual acts, or fetishes that are meant for sexual gratification.
Other types of content that violate this policy
Age-restricted content
This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, audio, and any other YouTube product or feature. Remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

Educational content
Examples
Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

Clips extracted from non-pornographic films, shows, or other content in order to isolate sexual content (real world or artistic)
Groping, kissing, public masturbation, “upskirting”, voyeurism, predatory exhibitionism, or any other content that depicts someone in a sexualized manner without their consent
Content that depicts sexual acts, behaviors, or sex toys that’s meant for sexual gratification
Note: The above are just some examples. If you think content might violate this policy, don’t post it.

More examples
What happens if content violates this policy
If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the option to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. The 90 day period starts from when the training is completed, not when the warning is issued. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel may be terminated. Learn more about our strikes system.

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. Learn more about channel or account terminations.

If your content contains pornography, we may terminate your channel.


