Spam, deceptive practices, & scams policies

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
YouTube doesn’t allow spam, scams, or other deceptive practices that take advantage of the YouTube community. We also don’t allow content where the main purpose is to trick others into leaving YouTube for another site.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report the channel.

What these policies mean for you
If you're posting content
Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions noted below.

Video Spam: Content that is excessively posted, repetitive, or untargeted and does one or more of the following:
Promises viewers they'll see something but instead directs them off site.
Gets clicks, views, or traffic off YouTube by promising viewers that they’ll make money fast.
Sends audiences to sites that spread harmful software, try to gather personal info, or other sites that have a negative impact.
Misleading Metadata or Thumbnails: Using the title, thumbnails, or description to trick users into believing the content is something it is not. This includes titles, thumbnails, or descriptions leading viewers to believe they will see something in a video, but then not including it in the video content itself.
Scams: Content offering cash gifts, “get rich quick” schemes, or pyramid schemes (sending money without a tangible product in a pyramid structure).
Incentivization Spam: Content that sells engagement metrics such as views, likes, comments, or any other metric on YouTube. This type of spam can also include content where the only purpose is to boost subscribers, views, or other metrics. For example, offering to subscribe to another creator’s channel solely in exchange for them subscribing to your channel, also known as "Sub4Sub" content.
Comments Spam: Comments where the sole purpose is to gather personal info from viewers, misleadingly drive viewers off YouTube, or perform any of the prohibited behaviors noted above.
Repetitive comments: Leaving large amounts of identical, untargeted or repetitive comments. Note that this type of engagement may lead to the removal of your comments.
3rd party content: Live streams that include unauthorized 3rd party content that are not corrected after repeated warnings of possible abuse. Channel owners should actively monitor their live streams and correct any potential issues in a timely manner.
This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature. Keep in mind that this isn't a complete list. Please note these policies also apply to external links in your content. This can include clickable URLs, verbally directing users to other sites in video, as well as other forms.

Note: You're allowed to encourage viewers to subscribe, hit the like button, share, or leave a comment.
Video Spam
Misleading metadata or thumbnails
Scams
Incentivization Spam
Comments Spam
3rd party content
Remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
If your content violates this policy, we may suspend your monetization or terminate your channel or account. Learn more about monetization policies and channel or account terminations.

For some violations, we may remove the content and issue a warning or a strike against your channel. If this happens, we’ll send you an email to let you know.

You can take an optional policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. However, if your content violates the same policy within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future.