Thumbnails policy
The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
Thumbnails and other images that violate our Community Guidelines aren’t allowed on YouTube. Images include banners, avatars, posts, and any other YouTube feature that has images.

If you find thumbnails or other images that violate this policy, report them. If you find a few videos or comments that you want to report, you can report the channel.

What this policy means for you
Don’t post a thumbnail or other image on YouTube if it shows:

Pornographic imagery
Sexual acts, the use of sex toys, fetishes, or other sexually gratifying imagery
Nudity, including genitals
Imagery that depicts unwanted sexualization
Violent imagery that intends to shock or disgust
Graphic or disturbing imagery with blood or gore
Vulgar or lewd language
A thumbnail that misleads viewers to think they’re about to view something that’s not in the video
Note: The above list isn’t complete.

Age-restricted thumbnails and thumbnail removal
What happens when thumbnails violate our policies
If your thumbnail contains pornography, we may terminate your channel. If your thumbnail violates other policies, we remove the thumbnail and may issue a strike against your account. If it's the first time you’ve posted content that violates our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the option to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. However, if one of your thumbnails violates the same policy within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get three strikes in 90 days or your channel is dedicated to violative content, your channel may be terminated. Learn more about our strikes system.

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. Learn more about channel or account terminations.