Violent or graphic content policies

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. Take the time to carefully read the policy below. You can also check out this page for a full list of our guidelines.
Violent or gory content intended to shock or disgust viewers, or content encouraging others to commit violent acts, are not allowed on YouTube.

If you believe anyone is in imminent danger, you should get in touch with your local law enforcement agency to report the situation immediately.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report the channel.

What this policy means for you
If you're posting content
Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions noted below.

Violent or graphic content:

Inciting others to commit violent acts against individuals or a defined group of people.
Fights involving minors.
Footage, audio, or imagery involving road accidents, terrorist attack aftermath, street fights, physical attacks, immolation, torture, corpses, robberies, or other such scenarios with the intent to shock or disgust viewers.
Footage or imagery showing bodily fluids, such as blood or vomit, with the intent to shock or disgust viewers.
Footage of corpses with massive injuries, such as severed limbs.
Animal abuse content:

Content where humans coerce animals to fight.
Content where a human maliciously mistreats an animal and causes them to experience distress outside of traditional or standard practices. Examples of traditional or standard practices include hunting or food preparation.
Content where a human unnecessarily puts an animal in poor conditions outside of traditional or standard practices. Examples of traditional or standard practices include hunting or food preparation.
Content that glorifies or promotes serious neglect, mistreatment, or harm toward animals.
Content that shows animal rescue that is staged and puts the animal in harmful scenarios.
Graphic content that features animals and intends to shock or disgust.
Dramatized or fictional content:

Dramatized or fictional footage of content prohibited by these guidelines where the viewer is not given enough context to understand that the footage is dramatized or fictional.
Note that we may not allow the following kinds of content even if there's educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context provided:

Violent physical sexual assaults (video, still imagery, or audio).
Footage filmed by the perpetrator during a deadly or major violent event, in which weapons, violence, or injured victims are visible or audible.
Please note that this is not a complete list.

Keep in mind that this policy also applies to videos, video descriptions, thumbnails, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature. Please note these policies also apply to external links in your content. This can include clickable URLs, verbally directing users to other sites in video, as well as other forms.

Educational content
Age-restricted content and EDSA exceptions
This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature.

Examples
Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

Encouraging others to go to a particular place to commit violence, to perform violence at a particular time, or to target individuals or groups with violence.
Actual schoolyard fights between minors. We may allow content if minors are only play fighting and that is evident to viewers.
Beatings or brawls outside the context of professional or professionally supervised sporting events.
More examples
Violent or graphic content
Animal abuse content
Remember these examples are just some examples, and don’t post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the option to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. The 90 day period starts from when the training is completed, not when the warning is issued. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning may not expire and your channel may be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel may be terminated. Learn more about our strikes system.

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. Learn more about channel or account terminations.


