1. Do not share content promoting false or deceptive medical information that may cause offline harm or directly threaten public health.
2. Do not share content attempting to manipulate or interfere with election-related processes, including intimidating or suppressing voters from participating in an election.
3. Do not impersonate another individual or entity in a deceptive or misleading manner.
4. Do not share content deliberately designed to spread disinformation or malicious narratives to create fear, doubt, or harm among communities.
5. Do not share content that attempts to trick users into missing important deadlines, such as voting deadlines.
6. Do not endorse or promote dangerous narratives that are subject to misinformation and may result in offline violence or physical harm.
1. Content must not violate Spotify’s Platform Rules.
2. Repeated violations of the Platform Rules by an account are prohibited.
3. Egregious violations of the Platform Rules by an account are prohibited.
4. Users must not abuse the content moderation processes, including targeted reporting of the same content or user.
5. Content that violates local laws must not be made available in specific countries or regions.
6. Users must comply with applicable laws and regulations in the countries where Spotify operates.
1. Content that explicitly incites violence or hatred toward people based on protected characteristics, including race, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation, is prohibited.
2. Material that promotes or supports terrorism or violent extremism is strictly not allowed on the Spotify platform.
1. Content that attempts to manipulate or interfere with election-related processes is prohibited.
2. Misrepresenting procedures in a civic process that could discourage or prevent participation is prohibited.
3. Misleading content aimed at intimidating or suppressing voters from participating in an election is prohibited.
4. Political advertisements must clearly disclose the use of any synthetic or manipulated media, including media created or edited with the use of Artificial Intelligence tools, that depicts real or realistic-looking people or events.
1. Do not promote violence, incite hatred, harass, bully, or engage in behavior that may place people at risk of serious physical harm or death.
2. Do not create content encouraging, promoting, or glorifying suicide and self-harm.
3. Do not incite or threaten serious physical harm or acts of violence against a specific target or specific group.
4. Do not promote or support terrorism or violent extremism.
5. Do not glorify or praise violent extremist groups or their members.
6. Do not coordinate, promote, threaten, or praise acts of violence by violent extremist groups or their members.
7. Do not provide instructions or instructional materials to commit an act of violent extremism.
8. Do not solicit an individual or group to finance or undertake an act of violent extremism.
9. Do not target an individual or identifiable group for harassment or related abuse.
10. Do not repeatedly target specific individuals with sexual advances.
11. Do not repeatedly target a minor to shame or intimidate.
12. Do not share or re-share non-consensual intimate content or threaten to distribute such content.
13. Do not share, threaten to share, or encourage sharing someone's private information, including financial or identification details.
14. Do not incite violence or hatred towards a person or group based on race, religion, gender identity, sex, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, veteran status, age, disability, or other characteristics associated with systemic discrimination or marginalization.
15. Do not praise, support, or call for violence based on the protected characteristics listed above.
16. Do not make dehumanizing statements about a person or group based on the protected characteristics listed above.
17. Do not promote or glorify hate groups and their associated images or symbols.
18. Do not promote false or deceptive medical information that could cause offline harm or pose a threat to public health.
19. Do not assert that serious life-threatening diseases such as AIDS, COVID-19, or cancer are a hoax.
20. Do not encourage the consumption of bleach products to cure illnesses.
21. Do not promote that vaccines approved by local health authorities are designed to cause death.
22. Do not encourage people to get infected with COVID-19 to build immunity (e.g., promoting or hosting "coronavirus parties").
23. Do not illicitly promote the sale of regulated or illegal goods, including illegal firearms or drugs.
24. Do not sell endangered species or products derived from endangered species.
25. Do not promote, solicit, or facilitate child sexual abuse or exploitation.
26. Do not create visual depictions of a minor engaged in sexual acts or lascivious depictions of a nude minor.
27. Do not promote acts of sexual abuse against a child in exchange for money.
28. Do not encourage or promote sexual attraction by adults towards minors.
29. Do not promote, normalize, or glorify child grooming behaviors.
30. Do not impersonate others to deceive, including replicating the same name, image, and/or description as another creator.
31. Do not pose as another person, brand, or organization in a misleading manner.
32. Do not promote manipulated and synthetic media as authentic in ways that pose a risk of harm.
33. Do not alter real and valid audio or video recordings in a way that changes their meaning or context and purports them to be true.
34. Do not create or distribute audio or visual media artificially through technology that is purported to be true.
35. Do not attempt to manipulate or interfere with election-related processes.
36. Do not misrepresent procedures in a civic process that could discourage or prevent participation.
37. Do not promote misleading content to intimidate or suppress voters.
38. Do not take advantage of the Spotify community through malicious practices.
39. Do not post, share, or provide instructions on implementing malware or related malicious practices.
40. Do not engage in phishing or related attempts to solicit or collect sensitive information deceptively.
41. Do not promote investment and financial scams, including get-rich-quick and pyramid schemes.
42. Do not post excessively violent or graphic content, including mutilated or dismembered bodies.
43. Do not promote animal cruelty or torture.
44. Do not post sexually explicit material, including pornography or depictions of genitalia for sexual gratification.
45. Do not advocate or glorify sexual themes related to rape, incest, or bestiality.
46. Do not violate applicable laws and regulations, including sanctions and export regulations.
47. Do not create content intended to promote or commit illegal acts.
48. Do not infringe the intellectual property rights of others, such as copyrights or trademarks, without necessary permissions.
