1. IBM does not tolerate sexual advances or comments, racial or religious slurs or jokes, or any other conduct, such as bullying, that creates or encourages an offensive or intimidating work environment.
2. IBM prohibits acts of violence in the workplace.
3. IBM prohibits threats or violent behavior.
4. Possession of weapons of any type is prohibited in the workplace.
5. A manager having a romantic relationship with a subordinate is prohibited.
6. Discrimination against any employee on the basis of any element of diversity is prohibited.
7. The use, distribution, sale, or possession of illegal drugs or any other controlled substance, except for approved medical purposes, is prohibited.
8. Being under the influence of illegal drugs, controlled substances used for non-medical purposes, or alcoholic beverages in the workplace is prohibited.
9. The consumption of alcoholic beverages on IBM premises, unless approved in advance by your manager, is prohibited.
10. Improper disclosure of IBM proprietary or confidential information is prohibited.
11. Audio and visual recordings of IBM confidential or proprietary information, business discussions, or any other type in the working environment without a legitimate business need and approval are prohibited.
12. Making false or misleading statements, or engaging in activities that could be considered unethical, fraudulent, or otherwise unlawful is prohibited.
13. Submitting false or inaccurate expense reimbursement requests is prohibited.
14. Inaccurately recording the number of hours worked or failing to report time worked is prohibited.
15. Providing inaccurate or incomplete information to IBM or other parties, including during investigations, audits, or other reviews is prohibited.
16. Exchanging competitive information with employees of a competitor is prohibited.
17. Making verbal arrangements or commitments, or entering into unapproved written commitments or side deals is prohibited.
18. Offering or giving anyone, or accepting from anyone, anything of value that is, or could be viewed as, a bribe, kickback or other improper benefit is prohibited.
19. Giving or receiving business amenities or gifts without following IBM processes and obtaining required pre-approvals is prohibited.
20. Making personal political contributions on IBM's behalf or using work time or IBM assets in support of political parties or candidates is prohibited.
1. Employees must not tolerate or engage in sexual advances, comments, racial or religious slurs, jokes, or conduct that creates or encourages an offensive or intimidating work environment.
2. Employees must not engage in threats or violent behavior in the workplace.
3. Employees must not possess weapons of any type on IBM premises.
4. Managers must not have romantic relationships with subordinates.
5. Employees must not discriminate against any employee based on elements of diversity, including but not limited to race, color, religion, gender, etc.
6. Employees must not use, distribute, sell, or possess illegal drugs or controlled substances, except for approved medical purposes.
7. Employees must not be under the influence of illegal drugs, controlled substances used for non-medical purposes, or alcoholic beverages in the workplace.
8. Employees must not consume alcoholic beverages on IBM premises unless approved in advance by their manager.
9. Employees must not exert or attempt to exert influence to obtain special treatment for a particular supplier.
10. Employees must not engage in or facilitate any improper or illegal practices, such as wiretapping, surveillance, hacking, bribery, theft, trespassing, misuse of social platforms, or pretexting.
11. Employees must not improperly use or disclose inside information.
12. Employees or their family members must not solicit or accept money, gifts, referral fees, meals, entertainment, transportation, travel, or any other business amenities that could influence, or give the appearance of influencing, IBM’s business decisions.
13. Employees must not make verbal arrangements or enter into unapproved written commitments or side deals.
14. Employees must not use IBM assets to visit internet sites featuring sexual content, gambling, or advocacy of intolerance.
15. Employees must not make audio or visual recordings of IBM confidential or proprietary information, business discussions, or any other type in the working environment without a legitimate business need and prior management approval.
