1. Do not post content that promotes violence against individuals or groups based on their protected group status including age, caste, ethnicity, race, disability, immigration status, nationality, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, or victims of a major violent event and their kin.
2. Do not post content that incites hatred against individuals or groups based on their protected group status.
3. Do not make threats or implied calls for violence against individuals or groups based on their protected group status.
4. Do not include hate speech in educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic content unless the context is clearly provided within the video images or audio.
5. Do not repeatedly encourage abusive audience behavior targeting a group with protected group status across multiple uploads.
6. Do not repeatedly target, insult, and abuse a group based on protected group status.
7. Do not expose a group with protected group status to risks of physical harm based on local social or political context.
8. Do not create content that incites hostility against a group with protected group status for personal financial gain.
9. Do not post statements endorsing harm or violence against individuals or groups with protected group status, such as celebrating violent events against them or dehumanizing them by calling them animals or similar derogatory terms.
10. Do not post URLs in content if they cannot be verified as safe, as it may result in the content being removed.
11. Do not violate YouTube's Community Guidelines within 90 days of receiving a warning, as doing so may result in the warning not expiring and possibly earning a strike against the channel.
12. Do not accrue 3 strikes within a 90-day period, as it may result in channel termination.
13. Avoid engaging in severe abuse or dedicating a channel to policy violations, as it may result in immediate channel or account termination.
14. Do not persistently violate the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service, to prevent potential account termination and restriction from future policy training.
1. Do not use sexually explicit language or narratives in content.
2. Avoid using excessive profanity in the content.
3. Do not use heavy profanity or sexually suggestive terms in the content's title, thumbnail, or associated metadata.
4. Do not include excessive sexual sounds in content.
5. Do not post vulgar language gratuitously unless the primary purpose is educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic.
6. Do not post violative URLs within the video itself or in the video’s metadata.
7. Do not repeatedly violate the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service, as this may result in channel or account termination.
8. Avoid creating a channel that is dedicated to policy violations.
1. Do not upload Child Sexual Abuse Media (CSAM).
2. Do not upload video, still imagery, or audio of violent physical sexual assaults.
3. Do not upload content depicting the act of decapitation.
4. Do not upload footage filmed by the perpetrator of a deadly or major violent event that shows weapons, violence, or injured victims.
5. Do not reupload unmodified content created by or glorifying violent terrorist or criminal organizations.
6. Do not provide instructions on how to self-harm or die by suicide.
7. Do not provide instructions on how to build a bomb that’s meant to injure or kill others.
8. Do not provide instructions on how to manufacture a firearm or prohibited accessories.
9. Do not offer prohibited sales.
10. Do not provide instructions on how to use computers or information technology to compromise personal data or cause serious harm to others.
11. Do not reveal an individual’s private information, such as their home address, email addresses, sign-in credentials, phone numbers, passport number, or bank account information (doxxing).
12. Do not upload hardcore pornography.
13. Do not post spam content.
1. Do not post excessively repetitive or untargeted video content that promises something and redirects viewers off-site.
2. Do not create video content aimed at getting clicks, views, or traffic off YouTube by making fraudulent promises of fast money.
3. Do not direct users to websites that spread harmful software, gather personal information, or have other negative impacts.
4. Do not use misleading titles, thumbnails, or descriptions to trick users into believing content includes something that isn't present in the video.
5. Do not offer content promoting cash gifts, “get rich quick” schemes, or pyramid schemes, where money is sent without a tangible product.
6. Do not engage in or promote incentivization spam by selling or trading engagement metrics such as views, likes, or comments.
7. Do not participate in "Sub4Sub" activities by offering subscriptions in exchange for subscriptions to your channel.
8. Do not post comments to gather personal info, mislead viewers off YouTube, or perform any prohibited actions.
9. Do not leave large amounts of identical, untargeted, or repetitively posted comments.
10. Do not include unauthorized 3rd party content in live streams without correcting issues after repeated warnings.
11. Do not include clickable URLs or verbally direct users to other sites in video content that violate the platform's policies.
1. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to alcohol.
2. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to bank account passwords, stolen credit cards, or other financial information.
3. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to counterfeit documents or currency.
4. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to controlled narcotics and other drugs.
5. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to explosives.
6. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to organs.
7. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to endangered species or parts of endangered species.
8. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to firearms and certain firearms accessories.
9. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to nicotine, including vaping products.
10. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to online gambling sites not certified by Google.
11. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to pharmaceuticals without a prescription.
12. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to sex or escort services.
13. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to unlicensed medical services.
14. Do not post content intended to sell, link to, or facilitate access to human smuggling services.
15. Do not provide links or contact information for purchasing hard drugs or poisonous substances.
16. Do not upload content showing hard drug use or creation in non-educational contexts.
17. Do not upload content facilitating the sale or creation of poisons or poisonous substances.
18. Do not upload content providing instructions for academic cheating.
19. Do not facilitate access to online gambling or sports betting sites that are not approved.
20. Do not promise guaranteed returns via online gambling, regardless of site approval.
21. Do not sell counterfeit passports or provide instructions on creating forged official documents.
22. Do not advertise escort, prostitution, or erotic massage services.
23. Do not instruct how to purchase drugs on the dark web.
24. Do not show the purchase of software that generates fake credit card numbers.
25. Do not include links to online pharmacies that do not require prescriptions.
26. Do not promote products containing drugs, nicotine, or controlled substances.
27. Do not display hard drug use unless in an educational context.
28. Do not explain how to make drugs in non-educational content.
29. Do not show minors using alcohol, vaporizers, e-cigarettes, tobacco, or drugs.
30. Do not show minors misusing fireworks.
31. Do not show how to use steroids for recreational purposes.
32. Do not provide links to sites selling marijuana or salvia.
33. Do not feature hard drugs with the goal of selling them.
34. Do not sell or facilitate the sale of poisonous substances, like cyanide or mercury.
35. Do not explain how to make poisonous substances in non-educational content.
1. YouTube prohibits content that encourages dangerous or illegal activities that risk serious physical harm or death.
2. Posting content that shows extremely dangerous challenges posing an imminent risk of physical injury is not allowed.
3. Pranks that lead victims to fear imminent serious physical danger or create serious emotional distress in minors are banned.
4. Adults are not allowed to perform acts on YouTube that have a risk of serious harm or death.
5. Content that endangers the emotional and physical well-being of minors is prohibited.
6. YouTube forbids instructions on how to kill or severely harm others.
7. Content giving instructions to make explosive devices or compounds meant to injure or kill others is not allowed.
8. Demonstrating how to use computers or information technology with the intent to steal credentials, compromise personal data, or cause serious harm to others is prohibited.
9. Content that shows viewers how to bypass payment for digital content or services is banned.
10. Phishing content that tries to obtain or gives instructions to obtain nonpublic personal identifying information from viewers is prohibited.
11. Requests for cryptocurrency or cryptocurrency-related wallet details as part of a phishing scheme are banned.
12. Content that sells drugs or regulated pharmaceuticals without a prescription is prohibited, even if it includes Educational, Documentary, Scientific, or Artistic (EDSA) context.

These rules apply to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, external links, and any other YouTube product or feature.
1. Do not post content that encourages other users to violate YouTube's Terms of Service.
2. Do not post content that was previously removed for violating YouTube's Terms of Service.
3. Do not post content from creators who have a current channel restriction.
4. Do not post content from creators who have been terminated.
5. Avoid attempting to circumvent YouTube's Terms of Service by posting restricted or terminated content.

1. Do not post content that promotes or glorifies suicide, self-harm, or eating disorders.
2. Do not post instructions on how to die by suicide, engage in self-harm, or engage in eating disorders, including how to conceal them.
3. Do not post content related to suicide, self-harm, or eating disorders that is targeted at minors.
4. Do not post graphic images of self-harm.
5. Do not post visuals of bodies of suicide victims unless they are blurred or covered so they are fully obscured.
6. Do not post videos showing the lead-up to a suicide, or suicide attempts and suicide rescue footage without sufficient context.
7. Do not show participation in or provide instructions for suicide and self-harm challenges (e.g., Blue Whale or Momo challenges).
8. Do not share suicide notes or letters without sufficient context.
9. Do not post content that features weight-based bullying in the context of eating disorders.
10. Do not use sensationalist language or dramatic visuals related to suicide or self-harm.
11. Avoid discussing how the victim died by suicide, and do not mention the methods or locations.
12. Do not post content that lacks context when it involves graphic descriptions of self-harm or suicide.
13. Do not post detailed discussions of suicide or self-harm methods, locations, and hotspots without proper context.
14. Do not post eating disorder recovery content that includes details which may be triggering to at-risk viewers.
15. Do not allow external links in your content that violate these policies or cannot be verified as safe.
1. Do not artificially increase the number of views, likes, comments, or other metrics using automatic systems.
2. Do not serve up videos to unsuspecting viewers to artificially increase engagement metrics.
3. Do not post content that solely exists to incentivize viewers for engagement, such as views, likes, or comments.
4. Do not link to or promote third-party services that artificially inflate metrics like views, likes, and subscribers.
5. Do not link to or promote third-party view count or subscriber gaming websites or services.
6. Do not offer to subscribe to another creator’s channel only if they subscribe to your channel (“sub4sub”).
7. Do not feature content in which a creator purchases their views from a third party with the intent of promoting the service.
8. Do not create video testimonials showing the successful purchase of artificial page traffic from a third party.
9. Do not promote or support third party artificial page traffic providers in any content.
10. Do not use deceptive means, such as misleadingly labeled info cards, to force or trick viewers into watching another video.
11. Do not dedicate channels to artificial channel engagement traffic or promote businesses that exist solely for this purpose.
12. Do not post links that cannot be verified as safe; violative URLs may lead to content removal.
1. Do not post playlists with thumbnails, titles, or descriptions that are pornographic or consist of images intended to shock or disgust.
2. Do not create playlists with titles or descriptions that mislead viewers about the content of the playlist.
3. Do not compile playlists of educational content featuring nudity or sexual themes for the purpose of sexual gratification.
4. Do not gather non-sexual content in playlists that focus on specific body parts or activities for sexual gratification.
5. Do not assemble documentaries of graphic violence in playlists with the purpose of glorifying violence or shocking viewers.
6. Do not include multiple videos in playlists that have been removed for violating community guidelines.
7. Do not create playlists that depict physical, sexual, or emotional mistreatment of minors.
8. Do not create playlists with news footage of aerial bombings or similar content accompanied by titles that glorify the violence, such as “Best bombings”.
9. Do not title playlists with calls for segregation or other discriminatory acts, such as targeting people with intellectual disabilities.
10. Do not post playlists that contain an individual’s nonpublic personal identifying information for the purpose of directing abusive attention or traffic toward them.
11. Do not compile playlists of videos containing dangerous or threatening pranks, such as fake home invasions or robberies.
12. Do not create playlists featuring minors with titles that sexualize them, such as “sexy".
1. Do not post links that direct users to content violating YouTube’s Community Guidelines.
2. Do not post links to pornography.
3. Do not post links to websites or apps that install malware or unwanted software.
4. Do not post links to websites or apps phishing for a user’s sign-in information or financial information.
5. Do not post links to websites, apps, or other sources that provide unauthorized access to audio content, audiovisual content, video games, software, or streaming services that normally require payment.
6. Do not post links to websites that seek to raise funds or recruit for terrorist organizations.
7. Do not post links to websites containing Child Sexual Abuse Imagery (CSAI).
8. Do not post links to sites selling items noted in YouTube's regulated goods guidelines.
9. Do not post links to content that would violate YouTube’s hate or harassment policies.
10. Do not post links to content encouraging others to commit violent acts.
11. Do not post links to websites or apps that spread misleading or deceptive content that can cause serious risk of egregious harm, such as interfering with democratic processes.
12. Do not post links to external sites containing manifestos of violent attackers.
13. Do not post any form of links, including clickable URLs, text URLs in videos or images, or obfuscated URLs that would direct users off YouTube to violative content.
14. Do not verbally direct users, encourage them, or promise violative content on other sites.
15. Do not excessively post affiliate content in dedicated accounts, as it may violate policies around spam.
1. Do not post content that promotes information contradicting local health authority guidance on the prevention or transmission of specific health conditions.
2. Do not post content that promotes information contradicting local health authority guidance on the safety, efficacy, or ingredients of currently approved and administered vaccines.
3. Do not post content that promotes information contradicting local health authority guidance on treatments for specific health conditions.
4. Do not promote specific harmful substances or practices that have not been approved by local health authorities as safe or effective.
5. Do not promote substances or practices that have been confirmed to cause severe harm.
6. Do not include prevention misinformation regarding harmful substances and practices as prevention methods in any YouTube product or feature.
7. Do not share vaccine misinformation in any YouTube product or feature.
8. Do not share misinformation about the transmission of specific health conditions in any YouTube product or feature.
9. Do not include treatment misinformation regarding harmful substances and practices as treatment methods in any YouTube product or feature.
10. Do not share guaranteed treatment misinformation or harmful alternative methods.
11. Do not discourage professional treatment in any YouTube product or feature.
12. Do not include preventing misinformation in any external links, clickable URLs, or verbal directions to other sites in video content.
1. Do not post content intended to praise, promote, or aid violent extremist or criminal organizations.
2. Do not allow violent extremist or criminal organizations to use YouTube for any purpose, including recruitment.
3. Do not post content produced by violent extremist, criminal, or terrorist organizations.
4. Do not post content praising or memorializing prominent terrorist, extremist, or criminal figures to encourage others to commit acts of violence.
5. Do not post content praising or justifying violent acts committed by violent extremist, criminal, or terrorist organizations.
6. Do not post content aimed at recruiting new members for violent extremist, criminal, or terrorist organizations.
7. Do not post content depicting hostages or intended to solicit, threaten, or intimidate on behalf of a criminal, extremist, or terrorist organization.
8. Do not post content that depicts insignia, logos, or symbols of violent extremist, criminal, or terrorist organizations to praise or promote them.
9. Do not post content that glorifies or promotes violent tragedies, such as school shootings.
10. Do not reupload raw and unmodified content created by terrorist, criminal, or extremist organizations.
11. Do not celebrate terrorist leaders or their crimes in songs or memorials.
12. Do not celebrate terrorist or criminal organizations in songs or memorials.
13. Do not post content directing users to sites that promote terrorist ideology, disseminate prohibited content, or are used for recruitment.
14. Do not post footage filmed by the perpetrator during a deadly or major violent event, if it includes visible or audible weapons, violence, or injured victims.
15. Do not link to external sites that contain manifestos of violent attackers.
16. Do not post video game content developed or modified to glorify a violent event, its perpetrators, or support violent criminal or terrorist organizations.
17. Do not glorify violence against civilians.
18. Do not fundraise for violent criminal, extremist, or terrorist organizations.
1. Do not post content on YouTube that sexualizes minors, including sexually explicit content featuring minors and content that sexually exploits minors, even if intended as comedic.
2. Do not post content that shows or encourages minors to participate in harmful or dangerous activities that could lead to imitation or injury.
3. Do not include content showing minors drinking alcohol, using vaporizers, e-cigarettes, tobacco, or marijuana.
4. Do not post content where minors misuse fireworks or use firearms unsupervised.
5. Do not create content that inflicts or advocates for the infliction of physical, sexual, or emotional maltreatment or neglect of a child.
6. Do not post content that could cause emotional distress to minor participants or viewers, including exposing minors to mature themes or simulating parental abuse.
7. Do not create misleading family content that targets young minors and families but contains sexual themes, violence, obscenity, mature themes unsuitable for young audiences, medical procedures, or self-harm.
8. Do not post family-friendly cartoons that target young minors but contain adult or age-inappropriate themes such as violence, sex, death, or drugs.
9. Do not cyberbully or harass minors, including content that intends to shame, deceive, or insult a minor.
10. Do not reveal personal information about minors, such as email addresses or bank account numbers, in your content.
11. Do not encourage others to bully or harass minors.
12. Do not include URLs or external links in your content that could violate community guidelines or direct users to inappropriate sites.
13. Do not post videos or content on any platform feature that involves minors participating in provocative, sexual, or sexually suggestive activities, challenges, or dares.
1. Do not post thumbnails or other images on YouTube that contain pornographic imagery.
2. Do not post thumbnails or other images depicting sexual acts, the use of sex toys, fetishes, or other sexually gratifying imagery.
3. Do not post thumbnails or other images showing nudity, including genitals.
4. Do not post thumbnails or other images depicting unwanted sexualization.
5. Do not post thumbnails or other images with violent imagery intended to shock or disgust.
6. Do not post thumbnails or other images containing graphic or disturbing imagery with blood or gore.
7. Do not post thumbnails or other images containing vulgar or lewd language.
8. Do not post thumbnails that mislead viewers to think they are about to view something not present in the video.
1. Do not post explicit content that is meant for sexual gratification.
2. Do not post pornography on YouTube.
3. Do not post videos containing fetish content meant for sexual gratification.
4. Do not post sexually explicit content featuring minors.
5. Do not post content that sexually exploits minors.
6. Do not depict clothed or unclothed genitals, breasts, or buttocks meant for sexual gratification.
7. Do not post depictions of sexual acts or fetishes meant for sexual gratification.
8. Do not post clips extracted from non-pornographic films or shows to isolate sexual content.
9. Do not post content depicting groping, kissing, public masturbation, "upskirting", or voyeurism without consent.
10. Do not post content depicting predatory exhibitionism.
11. Do not post content depicting sexual acts, behaviors, or sex toys meant for sexual gratification.
12. Do not post violative URLs within the video itself or in the video’s metadata.
1. Do not post content intended to sell firearms or certain firearms accessories via direct sales or via links to sites that sell these items.
2. Do not post content providing instructions on how to manufacture firearms, ammunition, high capacity magazines, homemade silencers/suppressors, or certain firearm accessories.
3. Do not provide instructions on how to convert a firearm to automatic or simulated automatic firing capabilities.
4. Do not show step-by-step instructions on how to finish a lower receiver in order to complete fabrication of a firearm.
5. Do not post instructions on how to install firearm accessories that enable simulated automatic fire.
6. Do not provide instructions on how to remove firearm safety devices, except for devices used to temporarily disable a weapon.
7. Do not post live streams showing individuals holding or handling a firearm, regardless of firing.
8. Do not post live streams showing someone transporting firearms.
9. Do not post video links to sites where firearms or their accessories are sold within the title or description of the video.
10. Do not display firearms with the intention of selling them via private sale, including sharing seller’s contact information.
11. Do not show how to make a silencer using common household items like a flashlight or oil can.
12. Do not link to sites that sell or give away firearms or the accessories mentioned within the content if your video discusses or reviews these items.
13. Do not present content intended for viewers under 18 years that shows the use of homemade firearms, automatic firearms, or certain accessories.
14. Do not repeatedly violate YouTube's Community Guidelines or Terms of Service, as this may lead to channel termination.
1. Do not post content intended to impersonate another person or channel.
2. Do not create a channel that copies another channel's profile, background, or overall look and feel to make it appear like someone else's channel.
3. Do not use someone else's real name, username, image, brand, logo, or other personal information to deceive others into believing you are that person.
4. Do not set up a channel using the same identifier (channel name or handle) and image as another channel with minor alterations such as a space or a zero replacing the letter O.
5. Do not pretend to be another person by setting up a channel using their name and image and then posting as if the person is posting the content.
6. Do not create channels that claim to be fan accounts in the description without clearly stating so in the channel name or handle.
7. Do not set up fake channels posing as existing news channels.
1. Do not post content aiming to mislead voters about the time, place, means, or eligibility requirements for voting, or make false claims that could materially discourage voting.
2. Do not post content advancing false claims related to the technical eligibility requirements for current political candidates and sitting elected government officials to serve in office.
3. Do not post content encouraging others to interfere with democratic processes, including obstructing or interrupting voting procedures.
4. Do not post content advancing false claims that widespread fraud, errors, or glitches occurred in certain past elections for heads of government, or that the certified results of those elections were false.
5. Do not post content that threatens individuals such as election workers, candidates, or voters.
6. Do not post content that has been technically manipulated or doctored in a way that misleads users and poses a serious risk of egregious harm.
7. Do not post content falsely claiming that old footage from a past event is from a current event.
8. Do not post content that encourages others to commit violent acts, including acts targeting election workers, candidates, or voters.
9. Do not post content intended to impersonate a person or channel, such as a political candidate or their political party.
10. Do not include external links to material that violates YouTube policies, including misleading or deceptive election content, hate speech, or harassment.
1. Do not post content inciting others to commit violent acts against individuals or a defined group of people.
2. Do not post fights involving minors unless it is evident to viewers that minors are only play fighting.
3. Do not post footage, audio, or imagery involving road accidents, terrorist attack aftermath, street fights, physical attacks, immolation, torture, corpses, robberies, or other scenarios intended to shock or disgust viewers.
4. Do not post footage or imagery showing bodily fluids, such as blood or vomit, with the intent to shock or disgust viewers.
5. Do not post footage of corpses with massive injuries, such as severed limbs.
6. Do not post content where humans coerce animals to fight.
7. Do not post content where a human maliciously mistreats an animal causing them distress outside of traditional or standard practices.
8. Do not post content where a human unnecessarily puts an animal in poor conditions outside traditional or standard practices.
9. Do not post content that glorifies or promotes serious neglect, mistreatment, or harm toward animals.
10. Do not post content that shows animal rescue that is staged and puts the animal in harmful scenarios.
11. Do not post graphic content featuring animals intended to shock or disgust viewers.
12. Do not post dramatized or fictional footage of prohibited content without providing enough context to understand that it is fictional.
13. Do not post violent physical sexual assaults in video, still imagery, or audio format.
14. Do not post footage filmed by the perpetrator during a deadly or major violent event with visible or audible weapons, violence, or injured victims.
15. Do not encourage others to go to a specific place to commit violence, perform violence at a specific time, or target individuals or groups with violence.
16. Do not post beatings or brawls outside the context of professional or professionally supervised sporting events.
1. Do not post content that contains prolonged insults or slurs based on someone's protected group status, physical attributes, or their status as a survivor of sexual assault, non-consensual intimate imagery distribution, domestic abuse, or child abuse.
2. Do not upload content intended to shame, deceive, or insult a minor, including content intended to make a minor feel distress, shame, or worthlessness, or trick them into harmful behaviors.
3. Do not upload content that expresses a wish for an individual’s death or serious injury.
4. Do not depict an identifiable individual being murdered or seriously injured, such as by editing their photo over an actor in violent scenes.
5. Do not threaten someone’s physical safety, including explicit threats or implied threats while brandishing a weapon.
6. Do not post an individual’s non-public personally identifiable information (e.g., phone number, home address, or email) to direct abusive attention or traffic toward them.
7. Do not direct users to leave abusive comments in another creator's comment section.
8. Do not link to off-platform sites that host or feature non-consensual intimate imagery.
9. Do not request that other users share non-consensual intimate imagery.
10. Do not engage in “swatting” or other prank calls to emergency or crisis services, or encourage viewers to do so.
11. Do not stalk or attempt to blackmail users.
12. Do not create or share video game content which has been modified to promote violence against an individual.
13. Do not repeatedly encourage abusive audience behavior.
14. Do not repeatedly target, insult, and abuse an identifiable individual based on their intrinsic attributes across several uploads.
15. Do not expose an individual to risks of physical harm based on the local social or political context.
16. Do not create content that persistently incites hostility between creators for personal financial gain.
1. Do not post content aimed at misleading census participants about the time, place, means, or eligibility requirements of the census, or false claims that could materially discourage census participation.
2. Do not post content that has been technically manipulated or doctored in a way that misleads users and may pose a serious risk of egregious harm.
3. Do not post content that falsely claims old footage from a past event is from a current event, posing a serious risk of egregious harm.
4. Do not post external links, including clickable URLs, or verbally direct users to other sites in video, if they violate misinformation policies or lack safety verification.
5. Do not post content that violates misinformation policies without additional context in the video, audio, title, or description, unless its purpose is to condemn, dispute, or satirize the misinformation.
