Policy Rationale
Meta dedicates substantial resources to the development, protection, and proper usage of its intellectual property. This policy helps to ensure that Meta’s intellectual property is not used unlawfully, without our prior written permission, or in a manner that is inconsistent with our Brand Resource Center.

Do not post content that:
Brand usage:
Uses Meta’s copyrights or trademarks without Meta’s prior written permission or in a manner that is prohibited by the Meta Brand Resource Center.
Represents any of Meta’s brands in a way that makes it the most distinctive or prominent feature of the creative.
Modifies Meta’s brand assets in any way, such as by changing the design or color, or using them in special effects or animation.
Brand endorsement:
Implies, without Meta’s prior written permission, an endorsement or partnership of any kind with any of Meta’s brands.
Implies, without Meta’s prior written permission, an endorsement or support by any of Meta’s brands (such as Facebook, Instagram or WhatsApp), technology or program.
Depicts the user interface of any products in a manner that:
Is an inaccurate depiction of the current appearance, features, or functionality of the products.
Modifies the user interface in any way, such as adding special effects, interference or animation.
Uses elements of the user interface separately or individually
Does not depict the user interface within the context of a relevant device like a mobile or desktop.
Uses music or other content in a manner that violates Meta’s music licensing agreements.
Streams Meta-owned and/or exclusively licensed Facebook Watch content without prior written approval.
Uses intellectual property rights owned by Meta without prior written permission.
Uses marks that are confusingly similar to Meta’s trademarks.
We Remove:
Accounts that engage in repeated violations of this policy, including by creating new accounts after removal.
We allow content that uses intellectual property rights owned and/or licensed by Meta in a manner that is:
Explicitly permitted by Meta in writing, and/or
Consistent with the guidelines in the Meta Brand Resource Center.