Policy Rationale
As noted in the Adult Sexual Exploitation policy, people use our services to discuss and draw attention to sexual violence and exploitation. We recognize the importance of and allow for this discussion.We also allow for the discussion of sex worker rights advocacy and sex work regulation. We draw the line, however, when content facilitates sexual encounters or commercial sexual services between adults. We do this to avoid facilitating transactions that may involve trafficking, coercion and non-consensual sexual acts.
We also restrict sexually-explicit language that may lead to sexual solicitation because some audiences within our global community may be sensitive to this type of content, and it may impede the ability for people to connect with their friends and the broader community.

We do not allow:
Content that offers or asks for prostitution, defined as offering oneself or asking for sexual activities in exchange for money or anything of value such as:

Offering or asking for sexual activity (for example, escort services, sexual/erotic massages, sex chats/conversations, fetish/domination services)
Slang terms for prostitution combined with an ask or offer of availability, price, hint at price, or compensation, location, or contact information
Content that engages in explicit or implicit sexual solicitation combined with a price, hint at price, or compensation
Content that recruits or offers other people for third-party commercial sex work is separately considered under the Human Exploitation policy.
Content that engages in explicit sexual solicitation by, offering or asking for sexual activities such as:

Sex or sexual partners (including partners who share fetish or sexual interests).
Sex chat or conversations.
Nude photos/videos/imagery/sexual fetish items.
Offers or asks that include sexual slang terms.
Content that engages in implicit or indirect sexual solicitation (defined as sharing contact information, or suggesting to be contacted directly) with a sexually suggestive element. Sexually suggestive elements can include content prohibited under the Adult Nudity and Sexual Activity policy or mentions or depictions of regionalized sexual slang, commonly sexualized emojis, sexually suggestive poses, sexual roles, sex positions, fetish scenarios, state of arousal, etc.

Content that offers or asks for pornographic material including, but not limited to, sharing of links to external pornographic websites.

Sexually explicit language that goes into graphic detail about:

A state of sexual arousal (e.g., wetness or erection)
An act of sexual intercourse (e.g., sexual penetration, self-pleasuring or exercising fetish scenarios)
The above does not include content shared in a humorous, satirical or educational context, as a sexual metaphor or as sexual cursing
We allow content that is otherwise covered by this policy when posted in condemnation, educational, awareness raising or news reporting contexts. We also do not prohibit under the policy content expressing desire for sexual activity, promoting sex education, discussing sexual practices or experiences, or offering classes or programs that teach about sex.

For the following content, we limit the ability to view the content to adults, ages 18 and older:
Content expressing desire for adult sexual activity, or discussing sexual practices or experiences, even without sexual solicitation
Sexual metaphors or sexual cursing that goes into graphic detail about: A state of sexual arousal (e.g., wetness or erection)
A state of sexual arousal (e.g., wetness or erection)
An act of sexual intercourse (e.g., sexual penetration, self-pleasuring or exercising fetish scenarios)
For the following Community Standards, we require additional information and/or context to enforce:
In certain cases, we will allow content that may otherwise violate the Community Standards when it is determined that the content is satirical. Content will only be allowed if the violating elements of the content are being satirized or attributed to something or someone else in order to mock or criticize them.