1. Students must not bypass their learning by unauthorized use of generative AI tools.
2. Individual Student Projects must not be the work of anyone other than the student.
3. Students are prohibited from using generative AI tools to avoid engaging directly with primary and secondary sources.
4. Students must not neglect their responsibility to perform their own analysis and synthesis of evidence.
5. Students must not evade their obligation to make independent choices on how to effectively communicate in their presentations.
1. The use of artificial intelligence tools by AP Art and Design students is prohibited at any stage of the creative process.
1. Students must not submit work for AP Seminar and AP Research that is not their own.
2. Students must not use generative AI tools to bypass the learning process or avoid performing and submitting their own work.
3. Students must not fail to read primary and secondary sources directly when using generative AI tools.
4. Students must not neglect performing their own analysis and synthesis of evidence when using generative AI tools.
5. Students must not avoid making their own choices on effective communication in writing and presentations when using generative AI tools.
6. Students must not disregard engaging deeply with credible, valid sources and integrating diverse perspectives in their work.
7. Students must not fail to complete interim checkpoints with their teacher to demonstrate genuine engagement with performance tasks.
8. Teachers must not affirm student submissions without being confident, to the best of their knowledge, that the work is authentically completed by the student.
9. Students must not use generative AI inappropriately or in violation of academic integrity policies set by the College Board.
1. Students are prohibited from using generative AI tools to develop code without reviewing and ensuring the code's functionality.
2. Students must not rely solely on generative AI outputs without personal evaluation and understanding of the code to avoid introducing biases, errors, or inefficiencies.
3. Students are forbidden from submitting code generated with AI tools without being prepared to explain it in detail.
