Welcome! These Previews Terms (“Previews Terms”) apply to and govern your access to and use of certain new features of the Services (each, a “Feature”). The Previews Terms apply in addition to our User Agreement and Econ Terms (collectively, “Reddit Terms”), which you have already agreed to, and include certain terms that are defined in the Reddit Terms.

1. Acceptance
By accessing or using any Feature, you agree to be bound by the Previews Terms.

If you are agreeing to the Previews Terms on behalf of a third party (e.g., your employer), then you represent and warrant to us that you are an authorized representative of and have the authority to bind that third party to the Previews Terms. Plus, any use of “you” throughout the Previews Terms will also refer to that third party.

You acknowledge and understand that the Previews Terms and any Feature may be changed at any time for any or no reason, in our sole discretion, without advance notice or liability to Reddit (subject to applicable law). Please review the Previews Terms for any changes; it is your responsibility to do so.

If you do not agree to the Previews Terms, then you may not access or use any Feature.

2. Eligibility
You are not eligible to access or use any Feature if:

You are under 18 years old or otherwise under the minimum age required by the laws of your country of residence to enter into binding contracts;

You are a person with whom transactions are prohibited under economic or trade sanctions, embargoes, export restrictions, or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties, or are located in (or a citizen of) a country subject to the foregoing;

Your Account (including any alternative Account controlled by you) is suspended, terminated, has violated the Reddit Terms, or otherwise is not in good standing; or

You are otherwise barred from accessing or using any Feature under applicable laws.

By accessing or using any Feature, you represent and warrant to Reddit that you are eligible to do so and are able to otherwise comply with the Previews Terms, the Reddit Terms, and all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your access and use of the Feature.

Reddit reserves the right to block, suspend, limit, or terminate access to any Feature at any time for any or no reason, in our sole discretion, without advance notice or liability to Reddit (subject to applicable law). If Reddit chooses to block, suspend, limit, or terminate access to any Feature, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you will lose any interest you have in the Feature, and forfeit any claim you may have to continued use of the Feature.

3. Reddit Vault
3.1 Overview
Reddit Vault is a digital wallet embedded in the Services (“Vault”) that enables you to store, manage, and self-custody your Verified Digital Goods (defined below) through the Services in accordance with the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms.

3.2 Creating Your Vault
There are two main ways to create a Vault through the Services:

If you claim or purchase certain Verified Digital Goods using the Services, Reddit will automatically create a Vault for your Account to store those Verified Digital Goods; or

You can create a Vault using the Services.

When your Vault is created, you will receive a public address and a private key. The public address is your address on Ethereum-compatible blockchains where the record of your ownership of and rights to the Verified Digital Goods in your Vault is stored.

The private key is the only way to access and use the Verified Digital Goods in your Vault. Reddit does not automatically receive or store your private key. The private key is stored on your device, and you are solely responsible for its safekeeping.

When your Vault is created, a 12-word recovery phrase for your Vault’s private key is also automatically generated (your “recovery phrase”). You can use your recovery phrase to sign in and access your Vault or otherwise recreate your private key in Vault or other wallets, like MetaMask.

If you lose your private key and your recovery phrase and have not secured your Vault, then any Verified Digital Goods in your Vault will become permanently inaccessible.

3.3 Securing Your Vault
After your Vault is created, you must secure your access to it. You can secure your Vault access by:

creating a backup of your recovery phrase with your cloud storage provider through the Services (your “cloud backup”);

creating a new and unique password for your Vault through the Services (your “Vault password”); or

manually saving your private key and recovery phrase and storing them somewhere safe.

It is solely your responsibility to secure access to your Vault; Reddit does not retain access to it. Reddit cannot help you recover your Vault (including any Verified Digital Goods in it) if you lose or forget your Vault’s private key, recovery phrase, cloud backup, and Vault password (collectively, your “Vault Access Info”).

It is very important that you never give your Vault Access Info to anyone else (including Reddit). You are solely responsible for securing your Vault and Vault Access Info. Reddit cannot assist you with retrieval, reset, or recovery of your Vault and Vault Access Info.

Never provide us with your Vault Access Info or the private key or recovery phrase to any other blockchain account you control. No Reddit employee will ever ask you for your Vault Access Info.

You can find more information on securing your Vault and Vault Access Info here.

3.4 Losing Vault Access
Reddit does not have access to your Vault or Vault Access Info to recover it or the Verified Digital Goods inside of it. If you are absolutely sure your Vault is not stored on any of your mobile devices and you do not have access to any of your Vault Access Info, there is nothing we can do to unlock your Vault and you will have to create a new Vault.

Your Account can only have one active Vault associated with it. If you create a second Vault on an Account that already has a Vault, then the second Vault will become the Vault associated with that Account. In that instance, the original Vault and any Verified Digital Goods in it may be unrecoverable if you have not retained your original Vault Access Info.

While you control your Vault through your Vault Access Info, Reddit controls our Services. While we cannot take your Vault away from you, we may restrict your ability to interact with your Vault (and any Verified Digital Goods stored in it) through the Services. For example, if your Account is suspended or banned, then, at Reddit’s discretion, you may be unable to access your Vault and Verified Digital Goods through the Services until the suspension ends or indefinitely.

3.5 Privacy Considerations
Remember that public blockchains, like the Ethereum blockchain, are public and accessible by anyone. Be mindful of linking your Vault or Verified Digital Goods to third-party platforms, as third parties may be able to identify you by your activities on those platforms and public blockchains. While Reddit does not display transaction history on the Services, keep in mind that transactions on public blockchains (including purchases, transfers, and sales of Verified Digital Goods) are also public and accessible to anyone. Learn more about privacy on the blockchain.

4. Verified Digital Goods
4.1 Overview
You may be able to earn, claim, purchase, sell, or give certain Digital Goods that can be cryptographically verified on a public blockchain through the Services in accordance with the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms (collectively, “Verified Digital Goods”).

4.2 Reddit Collectible Avatars
Reddit Collectible Avatars are limited-edition Avatars and a type of Verified Digital Good that you may: (a) sell under the Reddit Creator Terms; or (b) claim or purchase through the Services under the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms (“Collectible Avatars”). Collectible Avatars provide owners with unique benefits on (and off) the Services as described in the Previews Terms and in any other terms presented to you when you claim or buy the Collectible Avatar, including terms provided by holders of Third-Party Rights.

Each Collectible Avatar has specific and unique Avatar Art associated with it that is pinned on the InterPlanetary File System through a dedicated gateway or on an alternative service. When you acquire a Collectible Avatar, you become the owner of it. This means you can control, use, transfer, sell, or otherwise dispose of your Collectible Avatar. However, this does not mean you own the intellectual property rights in the Avatar Art. The Avatar Art is licensed, not sold. Reddit and our licensors reserve all rights in and to the Avatar Art not expressly provided for in the Previews Terms.

If you own a Collectible Avatar, then, subject to your continued compliance with the Previews Terms, Reddit grants you a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, sublicensable license to use, copy, and display all or part of the Avatar Art associated with your Collectible Avatar and to mix-and-match that Avatar Art with other avatar art made available by Reddit and its licensors through the Services, in each case, for your own personal, non-commercial use (the “Licensed Rights”). In granting the Licensed Rights, Reddit may be acting on behalf of itself or on behalf of our licensors as licensee or agent to them.

Collectible Avatars also enable you to unlock additional Features on the Services. If you display Avatar Art associated with your Collectible Avatar as your Avatar on the Services, your Avatar will have special visual effects and may enable you to make animated responses that incorporate your Collectible Avatar. In addition, Collectible Avatars enable you to, using Reddit’s builder tool for Avatars, disassemble the Avatar Art into several components and build your Avatar with some or all of those components. These additional Features only apply if your Collectible Avatar is in your Vault. If you do not set your Collectible Avatar as your Avatar (even if you still own it), then the special visual effects will not be applied and you may not be able to use the additional Features. If you sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your Collectible Avatar, you will no longer have access to these additional Features.

You also have a limited right to transfer your Licensed Rights solely in connection with the disposition or sale of your Collectible Avatar in accordance with the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms. You will lose this transfer right if your Licensed Rights are terminated in accordance with or you otherwise breach the Previews Terms or Reddit Terms. Any transferee that receives a Collectible Avatar from you must accept the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms. You may, in connection with any sale or attempted sale of your Collectible Avatar, display the Avatar Art associated with your Collectible Avatar on third-party platforms or marketplaces, so long as those platforms and marketplaces cryptographically verify your ownership of the Collectible Avatar and honor or provide the means to honor the royalty terms below.

If you purchase a Collectible Avatar through the Services from Reddit and, as applicable, creators, then you will pay the list price and will not be charged any fees by Reddit (including any creator or royalty fee), and, similarly, if you claim a Collectible Avatar from Reddit, you will not be charged any fees by Reddit. However, if you subsequently sell your Collectible Avatar, the party purchasing the Collectible Avatar from you must pay Reddit and, as applicable, creators and our licensors a royalty fee equal to 5% of the selling price in that subsequent sales transaction, unless the details page for the applicable Collectible Avatar indicates that an alternative royalty fee percentage applies.

Any attempted transfer of your Licensed Rights that do not satisfy these requirements is null and void and constitutes a material breach of the Previews Terms and Reddit Terms. When you transfer or sell your Collectible Avatar to a third party, your license to the Avatar Art terminates, and you must promptly delete any digital or physical copies of the Avatar Art in your possession or control.

Certain Collectible Avatars may entitle the initial purchaser to some benefit offered by a third party (“Third- Party Benefit”). You may be able to use the Services to receive or redeem a Third-Party Benefit that is unique to your Collectible Avatar. Your use or redemption of any Third-Party Benefit may be subject to separate legal terms and privacy policies. Reddit is not a party to your agreements with any Third-Party Benefits providers, and those providers are responsible for compliance with such agreements. You should carefully read any Third-Party Benefits provider’s legal terms and privacy policies before using any services offered by them. While Reddit has no control over Third-Party Benefits providers, Reddit does control features of the Services that make it easy for you to redeem Third-Party Benefits. You understand and agree that Reddit reserves the right to monitor, limit, modify, or remove these Features in our discretion.

4.3 Verified Digital Good Transfers
You can use the Services to transfer your Verified Digital Goods to another Vault or any digital wallet operated by a third party (“Third-Party Wallet”) that supports Ethereum-compatible blockchains, subject to the terms and conditions of the Previews Terms. Your use of any Third-Party Wallet may be subject to separate legal terms and privacy policies. Reddit is not a party to your agreements with any providers of Third-Party Wallets, and those providers are responsible for compliance with all regulatory requirements in relation to your use of their Third-Party Wallet. You should carefully read any Third-Party Wallet provider’s legal terms and privacy policies before using any services offered by them.

We have no control over public blockchains or your Vault and cannot ensure any permitted transfer of Verified Digital Goods under the Previews Terms or other transaction details you submit via your Vault will be completed. Once transfers or other transaction details have been submitted to the public blockchain via your Vault, we cannot assist you to cancel, reverse, or otherwise modify your transfers or other transaction details. We strongly encourage you to review your transfer information and other transaction details carefully before submitting them.

While Reddit has no control over public blockchains or your Vault, Reddit does control features of the Services relating to Vault that make it easy for you to manage and transfer your Verified Digital Goods using the Services (“Vault Features”). You understand and agree that Reddit reserves the right to monitor, limit, modify, and remove Vault Features in our discretion. For example, Reddit may impose limits on the frequency and amount of Verified Digital Goods that you may transfer using Vault Features or may temporarily limit your access to similar Vault Features if Reddit reasonably believes you have breached or are attempting to breach the Previews Terms.

You may be prompted to pay blockchain network fees or purchase other Paid Services in order to transfer Verified Digital Goods using Vault Features. Reddit does not control blockchain network fees. Reddit may offer free services or Paid Services through Vault Features to make it easy for you to directly or indirectly pay for blockchain network fees. However, any payment of blockchain network fees or for other Paid Services by you through the Services is processed by third-party service providers, and your use of services offered by them may be subject to separate legal terms and privacy policies. Reddit is not a party to your agreements with any third-party service provider, and they are responsible for compliance with all regulatory requirements in relation to your payment of blockchain network fees. You should carefully read their legal terms and privacy policies before using any services offered by them.

4.4 Third-Party Rights in Verified Digital Goods
Some Verified Digital Goods may be collaborations between Reddit and third-party licensors, and the terms and conditions of Section 4 of the Econ Terms apply equally to Third-Party Rights in Digital Good Art associated with Verified Digital Goods.

If there are Third-Party Rights in any Digital Good Art associated with your Verified Digital Good, you understand and agree that:

You will not have the right to use any Third-Party Rights in any way except as incorporated in the Digital Good Art and subject to the license and restrictions contained in the Previews Terms;

The holder of those Third-Party Rights is an intended beneficiary of the Previews Terms;

To the extent any additional terms with the holder of those Third-Party Rights are presented to you when you claim or purchase any Verified Digital Good, those terms (along with the Previews Terms) will apply to and govern your use of the Verified Digital Good;

Reddit may need to pass through additional restrictions on your ability to use the Digital Good Art depending on the nature of the license granted by the holder of Third-Party Rights; and

If Reddit notifies you that additional restrictions apply to use of the Digital Good Art due to Third-Party Rights, you will comply with those restrictions.

If the Digital Good Art becomes (or Reddit determines is likely to become) the claim of infringement, Reddit has the right to replace the Digital Good Art, procure the right to continue using the Digital Good Art, or terminate your licensed rights to the Digital Good Art (including, as applicable, your Licensed Rights to Avatar Art).

5. Devvit Apps
5.1 Overview
You may be able to interact with Apps that run on Reddit’s Developer Platform (as defined in Reddit’s Developer Terms) through the Services (collectively, “Devvit Apps”). Devvit Apps may be created by Reddit or by a third party (a “Developer”), and are generally installed by moderators in communities and labeled as Devvit Apps.

If you are installing a Devvit App as a moderator of a community, it is important to remember that Reddit Terms (including our Moderator Code of Conduct) continue to apply to your installation and use of any Devvit App. You can find more information on how to install and start using Devvit Apps here.

Certain Devvit Apps may allow you to interact with and generate content within the Devvit App. Any interactions you have with, and content you generate within, a Devvit App remain subject to our Reddit Terms (including our Privacy Policy and Reddit Rules).

You can find more information about Reddit’s Developer Platform and Devvit Apps here.

5.2 Devvit Goods
You may use Gold to get certain Digital Goods, products, or features offered by Reddit or Developers through Devvit Apps (collectively, “Devvit Goods”). When Reddit offers Devvit Goods, you are acquiring the Devvit Goods directly from Reddit, and any dispute relating to them should be resolved by contacting Reddit here.

Devvit Goods from Developers are Third-Party Paid Services under our Econ Terms and are subject to any Developer terms of use for Devvit Goods. When a Developer offers Devvit Goods, Reddit may be acting on behalf of the Developer or as an agent to them, and you are acquiring the Devvit Goods directly from the Developer. Any disputes between you and the Developer relating to the Devvit Goods should be resolved by contacting the Developer directly, who is responsible for resolving the dispute. You can find Devvit Goods terms of use and Developer contact information by searching for the applicable Devvit App here.

Your use of Gold to acquire Devvit Goods is subject to our Econ Terms (including our Refund Policy).

5.3 Devvit App Privacy Considerations
Devvit Apps are hosted on Reddit’s Developer Platform and may collect and store your public content (as defined in Reddit’s Public Content Policy), as well as your interactions with Devvit Apps. Some Devvit Apps may also share your public content and interactions with external websites in accordance with the Devvit App’s privacy policy. In addition, Devvit Apps that offer Devvit Goods may collect, share, and store additional information on any Devvit Goods.

Developers are required to comply with Reddit’s Privacy Policy when collecting, sharing, and storing user data. However, it is important to review Devvit App privacy policies before interacting with Devvit Apps to learn more about their user data handling practices. You can find a Devvit App’s privacy policy and user data permissions by searching for the applicable Devvit App here, and more information about Devvit App privacy generally here.

6. Reddit Programs
We may make certain programs relating to the Features available from time to time that allow eligible redditors and third parties to receive perks or otherwise be compensated for their Digital Goods, Verified Digital Goods, Devvit Apps, Devvit Goods, services, or other contributions to Reddit, the Services, communities, or other redditors (collectively, the “Reddit Programs”). You may be asked to agree to additional terms, policies, guidelines, or rules before being permitted to participate in a Reddit Program (“Reddit Program Terms”). For example, participation in any Reddit Program that allows you to earn money is subject to our Earn Terms, Earn Policy, and any other terms applicable to that Reddit Program. To the extent Reddit Program Terms conflict with the Previews Terms or Reddit Terms, the Reddit Program Terms govern with respect to your participation in the applicable Reddit Program.

7. Account Suspension or Termination
As stated in the User Agreement and our Reddit Rules, you must follow and comply with the rules for our Services and the rules of the individual subreddits you participate in. Failure to do so may constitute a breach of the Previews Terms and result in a temporary or permanent ban from the Services or certain subreddits or the removal of your posts and comments, including those subreddits where you might have access to Features. In such instances, you might lose the benefits of Features, which may include Features that are Paid Services, subscriptions, Digital Goods, Devvit Goods, Vault, or Verified Digital Goods, and we will not compensate you for this loss.

8. Your Acknowledgments
In connection with your access to and use of any Feature — including any Digital Good, Verified Digital Good, Vault Features, subscriptions, or other Reddit Econ Goods made available through the Services as a Feature (collectively, “Reddit Econ Features”) — you represent, warrant, acknowledge, and agree that:

Your Reddit Econ Good acknowledgments apply to Reddit Econ Features – Your Reddit Econ Good acknowledgements in Section 6 of the Econ Terms apply equally to Reddit Econ Features;
Reddit Econ Features are for fun and entertainment – You are acquiring Reddit Econ Features for entertainment purposes and consumptive use in connection with the Services;
Reddit Econ Features are not investments – You are not acquiring Reddit Econ Features for investment purposes, will not portray it to others as an investment opportunity, have no expectation of economic benefit or profit as a holder of it, and will not portray it to others as an opportunity to obtain an economic benefit or profit or opportunity to acquire an interest in Reddit, nor are you acquiring any equity or other ownership or legal interest in Reddit by virtue of having acquired it, nor will you attempt to sell fractional interests in any Reddit Econ Features, grant to any person or permit any person to take or obtain a security interest, lien, or other encumbrance on any Reddit Econ Features, or sell subscriptions, licenses, or other rights to use any Reddit Econ Features without our permission;
You can’t transfer or sell most Reddit Econ Features – With limited exceptions expressly set forth in the Previews Terms, your Reddit Econ Features (including your Licensed Rights) cannot be sold, traded, bartered, transferred, exchanged, offered for sale, or otherwise used outside of the Services or your Account without our permission;
You’ll comply with the law and use common sense – You will not use or attempt to use our Services to acquire or dispose of any Reddit Econ Features that were fraudulently obtained, stolen, taken without authorization, or otherwise illegally obtained, will not use any Reddit Econ Feature, whether within or outside of the Services, for any illegal purpose (including market manipulation, money laundering, fraud, or any other crime), for any kind of wagering, betting, or gambling, or in connection with any transactions involving goods or services that are prohibited under Reddit’s policy against transactions involving prohibited goods or services, will not directly or indirectly acquire or dispose of Verified Digital Goods when in possession of any material non-public information related to Verified Digital Goods, and will comply with applicable laws, including tax obligations, arising from your acquisition or disposition of any Reddit Econ Features; and
You won’t encourage anyone else to violate the Previews Terms – You will not cause or attempt to cause any third party to violate any of the representations, warranties, acknowledgements, and agreements set forth above or otherwise in the Previews Terms.
Failure to follow and comply with the above rules may constitute a breach of the Previews Terms and result in a temporary or permanent ban from Reddit or certain subreddits or removal of your access to Reddit Econ Features. In such instances, you might lose the benefits of Reddit Econ Features, and we will not compensate you for this loss.

9. You Assume These Risks
In connection with your access and use of any Reddit Econ Feature, you acknowledge and assume, and will hold Reddit harmless from liability resulting or arising from, the following risks:

Reddit Econ Good risks apply to Reddit Econ Features – The Reddit Econ Good risks listed in Section 7 of the Econ Terms apply equally to Reddit Econ Features;
Failure to secure your Vault (learn more) – You may lose access to your Vault (including any Verified Digital Goods in it) if you lose your device or forget your Vault Access Info or due to errors or omissions, and, thus, agree to secure your Vault as soon as possible after creating it (e.g., by creating a Vault password, saving your recovery phrase and private key, or using other Vault Features) or risk losing access to any Verified Digital Goods that you are storing within it, and you understand that Reddit cannot help you recover access to your Vault (including your Vault Access Info and any Verified Digital Goods stored in your Vault) if you fail to secure your Vault and lose access to it and is not liable to you for your failure to self-custody your Verified Digital Goods;
Problems with blockchains – Use of Vault, Vault Features, and Verified Digital Goods requires adequate familiarity with blockchain technology, and you agree to learn more about blockchain technology and the functionality and characteristics of Vault and Verified Digital Goods before transferring Verified Digital Goods through Vault Features; we do not control public blockchains (including records stored on them) and cannot guarantee that public blockchains will continue to operate or support your Vault (including any Verified Digital Goods in it), and we are not responsible for any malfunctions, breakdowns, mining, malware, denial of service, or other attacks by hackers or third parties or for any hard forks of or updates or upgrades to or incompatibility of Vault or any Verified Digital Goods with public blockchains;
Problems with transfers (learn more) – While any attempted prohibited transfers of Reddit Econ Features are null and void, you may be permitted to transfer certain Reddit Econ Features under the Previews Terms, but any transfer of Reddit Econ Features by you is final and non-returnable and Reddit cannot and will not assist you in getting your Reddit Econ Feature back nor refund or otherwise compensate you for any purported loss once you transfer it and also makes no promises or guarantees relating to, and is not responsible for, any Reddit Econ Feature transfer by you, the identity of any transferee, the reason for any transfer, nor any transferee’s satisfaction regarding any Reddit Econ Feature;
Problems with Developers – When a Developer offers Devvit Goods, you are acquiring the Devvit Goods directly from the Developer, and Reddit makes no promises or guarantees relating to, and is not responsible for, any transactions between you and Developer (including any disputes relating to Devvit Good transactions), nor for confirming the reason for your transaction, nor your satisfaction with any Devvit Good, Devvit App, or Developer (you interact with Devvit Apps and engage in Devvit Good transactions solely at your own risk);
Eligibility for Reddit Programs – While Reddit may allow qualifying redditors and third parties to share in revenue generated from Reddit Econ Goods and Reddit Econ Features, Reddit does not guarantee that any redditor or third party will receive compensation or financial support from Reddit, and Reddit may increase the number of Reddit Econ Goods or Reddit Econ Features required to earn financial benefits from Reddit Programs or withdraw the potential to earn financial benefits from certain Reddit Programs entirely; and
Tax compliance, legal action, and changing laws – After Reddit Econ Features are purchased or claimed by you from Reddit, Reddit is not responsible for taxes due as a result of, and tax consequences associated with, any of your subsequent transactions in Reddit Econ Features, nor for any legal or regulatory actions (including any investigations against you by regulators relating to your use of Reddit Econ Features) and changes in laws (including tax laws), which may adversely affect Reddit Econ Features, Vault, public blockchains, and related technologies, as well as their continued availability.
You understand that your assumption of the above risks is a condition of your access to and use of the Reddit Econ Features. If you do not agree to assume these risks, then you do not have our permission to use the Reddit Econ Features.

10. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, all Reddit Econ Features (including any Digital Good Art and your use of Vault and any Vault Features) are provided “as is,” “as available,” and “with all faults,” and the Reddit Entities make no representations, warranties, or endorsements of any kind whatsoever, express or implied (including no warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, merchantability, or title), about them or the Services (including about Vault and Vault Features and their operation, availability, and security).

11. Modification or Discontinuation
By using any Reddit Econ Feature, you understand that these features may be canceled at any time for any or no reason, in our sole discretion, without advance notice or liability to Reddit. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue any Reddit Econ Feature (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of any Reddit Econ Feature will be subject to the Previews Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of any Reddit Econ Feature (in whole or in part). There will be no refunds if any Reddit Econ Feature is no longer usable on or through the Services.

12. Refund Policy
You have immediate access to, and use of, Reddit Econ Features that are Paid Services you buy through the Services. As a result, all purchases are final, non-refundable, and non-returnable to the furthest extent permitted by law. We do not have an obligation to refund or credit for partially used billing periods.

If you reside in the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have the right to withdraw from the Previews Terms within 14 calendar days without giving reasons. The withdrawal period is 14 calendar days from the date of conclusion of the Previews Terms. To exercise your right of withdrawal, you must submit a request to Reddit.

Please note, however, that your right of withdrawal is lost when you purchase Reddit Econ Features that are Paid Services or Third-Party Paid Services that include: (a) a license to use Digital Goods, or Verified Digital Goods, or Devvit Goods; or (b) a subscription. These Paid Services and Third-Party Paid Services are provided to you once the Digital Good, or Verified Digital Good, or Devvit Good is credited to your Account or Vault or upon commencement of the subscription, and you request and consent to these Paid Services and Third-Party Paid Services being provided to you in this manner immediately upon purchasing them, at which point your right to withdrawal is lost.

13. Miscellaneous
The Reddit Terms (including our User Agreement and Econ Terms) are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Previews Terms. To the extent any Reddit Terms conflict with these Previews Terms, these Previews Terms govern with respect to your access to and purchase and use of Reddit Econ Features.