1. Do not post content that includes dehumanizing speech targeting a person or group based on protected characteristics, including comparisons to animals, pathogens, or sub-human life forms.
2. Do not post content that makes allegations of serious immorality or criminality against a person or group based on protected characteristics.
3. Do not post content that includes calls or hopes for contracting diseases or experiencing natural disasters targeting a person or group based on protected characteristics.
4. Do not post content mocking the concept, events, or victims of hate crimes, even if no real person is depicted.
5. Do not post content that mocks people for having or experiencing a disease, especially when targeting protected characteristics.
6. Do not post content describing or negatively targeting people with slurs based on protected characteristics.
7. Do not post content calling or supporting general, political, economic, or social exclusion or segregation on the basis of protected characteristics.
8. Do not post content with insults targeting a person or group based on their character, mental characteristics, or worth, linked to protected characteristics.
9. Do not express that the target causes sickness or use expressions suggesting such, based on protected characteristics.
10. Do not use targeted cursing with intent to insult people on the basis of protected characteristics.
11. Do not post terms or phrases calling for engagement in sexual activity targeting a person or group based on protected characteristics.
12. Do not post content explicitly offering or providing products or services that aim to change people’s sexual orientation or gender identity.
13. Do not post content attacking concepts or institutions associated with protected characteristics, likely to contribute to imminent physical harm, intimidation, or discrimination.
1. Do not create accounts or profiles to deceive others.
2. Do not create or use accounts that belong to underage children.
3. Do not impersonate another person or entity by using their image(s), name, or likeness with the aim to deceive others.
4. Do not speak in the voice of another person or entity for whom the user is not authorized to do so, such as by creating a Page or Profile.
5. Do not engage in identity misrepresentation to mislead or deceive others, evade enforcement, or violate Community Standards.
6. Do not repeatedly or significantly change identity details, such as name or age, to mislead.
7. Do not provide misleading profile information, such as incorrect bio details and profile location.
8. Do not use stock imagery to mislead others.
9. Do not use a name containing violations of Community Standards.
10. Do not provide a false date of birth.
11. Do not use a name that is not the authentic name you go by in everyday life.
12. Do not create a single account that represents or is used by more than one person.
13. Do not create or maintain multiple Facebook accounts.
14. Do not create an account that represents a non-human entity, such as a business, pet, or fictional character.
15. Do not maintain empty profiles with prolonged dormancy.
1. Do not post content that incites or facilitates violence or credible threats to public or personal safety.
2. Do not post violent speech targeting individuals or groups based on their protected characteristic(s) or immigration status.
3. Do not post threats of violence that could lead to death or other forms of high-severity violence.
4. Do not post threats of violence that could lead to serious injury (mid-severity violence) against any target.
5. Do not make admissions to high-severity or mid-severity violence unless shared in specific permissible contexts like redemption or self-defense.
6. Do not post threats or depictions of kidnappings or abductions, unless clearly shared by a victim or their family for help, information, condemnation, or awareness-raising.
7. Do not post threats of low-severity violence against children, private adults, or individuals/groups based on protected characteristics.
8. Do not offer, admit to offering, or ask for services of high-severity violence like hitmen or mercenaries.
9. Do not provide instructions on making or using weapons or explosives with intent to seriously injure or kill, unless for specific non-violent purposes.
10. Do not post threats to take up weapons or to bring weapons to sensitive locations like worship places or educational facilities.
11. Do not post threats of violence related to voting, voter registration, or election administration or outcomes.
12. Do not glorify gender-based violence, including intimate partner violence or honor-based violence.
13. Do not post threats against law enforcement officers or election officials, regardless of threat credibility.
14. Do not use coded statements to issue veiled or implicit threats of violence.
15. Do not post content that combines claims of election corruption with threats or signals of violence.
16. Do not make implicit threats to bring armaments to any locations identified with a heightened risk of violence.
1. Do not post content or engage in activity that sexually exploits or endangers children.
2. Do not post or engage in content, activity, or interactions that threaten, depict, praise, support, provide instructions for, make statements of intent, admit participation in, or share links regarding the sexual exploitation of children, including real minors or non-real depictions.
3. Do not post content involving sexual intercourse, explicit or implied, involving children, even if not directly visible.
4. Do not post content involving stimulation of genitals or anus regarding children, even if activity is not directly visible.
5. Do not post any of the above involving an animal in relation to children.
6. Do not post content depicting children with sexual elements, such as restraints, signs of arousal, focus on genitals or anus, presence of aroused adults, presence of sex toys, or sexualized costumes.
7. Do not post content depicting children stripping or in staged/professionally shot environments related to sexual contexts.
8. Do not post content showing open-mouth kissing involving children.
9. Do not post content that identifies, mocks, or solicits alleged victims of child sexual exploitation by name or image.
10. Do not post child sexual abuse material (CSAM).
11. Do not solicit sexual encounters or content involving children.
12. Do not engage in or facilitate inappropriate interactions with children, including arranging sexual encounters or enticing sexual activity through conversations or material.
13. Do not engage in implicitly sexual conversations in private messages with children.
14. Do not obtain or request sexual material from children in private messages.
15. Do not attempt to exploit real children by coercing money, favors, or intimate imagery with threats to expose intimate imagery or information.
16. Do not share, threaten, or state an intent to share private sexual conversations or intimate imagery involving children.
17. Do not post content that sexualizes real or non-real children in any form.
18. Do not create groups, pages, or profiles dedicated to the sexualization of children.
19. Do not post content depicting real or non-real child nudity, particularly close-ups of genitalia, anus, or uncovered female nipples.
20. Do not post non-sexual child abuse content, unless permitted by specific contexts as mentioned in the policy.
21. Do not praise, support, promote, advocate for, or encourage participation in non-sexual child abuse.
22. Do not create or share content that identifies alleged victims of child sexual exploitation or private minors with potential risk to their safety, especially when requested by law enforcement or trusted partners.
1. Do not engage in unwanted contact that is repeated, sexually harassing, or directed at a large number of individuals with no prior solicitation.
2. Do not call for or promote self-injury or suicide of specific individuals or groups.
3. Do not attack individuals based on their experience of sexual assault, exploitation, harassment, or domestic abuse.
4. Do not make statements of intent to engage in sexual activity or advocate for such activity.
5. Do not make severe sexualized commentary.
6. Do not create or share derogatory sexualized photoshop or drawings.
7. Do not use derogatory terms related to sexual activity.
8. Do not make claims denying the occurrence of violent tragedies.
9. Do not claim that individuals are lying about being victims of violent tragedies or terrorist attacks.
10. Do not threaten to release an individual's private contact information or medical records.
11. Do not call for or make statements of intent to engage in bullying or harassment.
12. Do not post content that degrades or expresses disgust toward individuals depicted during or after menstruation, urination, vomiting, or defecation.
13. Do not call for death or express support for contracting or developing a medical condition.
14. Do not celebrate or mock someone's death or medical condition.
15. Do not make claims about sexually transmitted infections of others.
16. Do not make statements of inferiority about someone's physical appearance.
17. Do not make claims about someone's sexual activity, except in the context of criminal allegations against adults.
18. Do not create or share content that sexualizes adults.
19. Do not make dehumanizing comparisons, in written or visual form, regarding animals, insects, bacteria, viruses, microbes, diseases, or inanimate objects.
20. Do not manipulate content to highlight or negatively draw attention to specific physical characteristics.
21. Do not rank individuals based on physical appearance or character traits.
22. Do not degrade individuals depicted as being physically bullied, except in fight-sport contexts.
23. Do not use targeted cursing towards private minors, private adults, or minor involuntary public figures.
24. Do not make claims about romantic involvement, sexual orientation, or gender identity towards protected individuals.
25. Do not call for exclusion or express intent, aspiration, or support for exclusion against protected individuals.
26. Do not make negative character or ability claims, outside of criminal allegations or business reviews against adults.
27. Do not express contempt, disgust, or reject the existence of any individual, except in criminal allegations against adults.
28. Do not use first-person voice bullying, unwanted manipulated imagery, or comparisons to other individuals, when self-reported by protected individuals.
29. Do not make claims about religious identity or blasphemy.
30. Do not use derogatory terms related to a lack of sexual activity.
31. Do not make allegations of criminal or illegal behavior against private minors.
32. Do not share videos depicting physical bullying against minors.
33. Do not use derogatory terms related to female gendered cursing.
34. Do not post content targeting private individuals through unwanted pages, groups, or events.
35. Do not post content that directly targets an individual through tagging, requiring confirmation from the target for removal.
36. Do not post content calling for or stating an intent to engage in bullying or harassment.
37. Do not post content sexualizing a public figure without confirmation from the target for removal.
38. Do not initiate sexually harassing contact or post unwanted sexually harassing content.
39. Do not engage in directed mass harassment targeting individuals at heightened risk of offline harm.
40. Do not post content based on protected characteristics targeting individuals on personal surfaces.
41. Do not engage in mass harassment using state-affiliated or adversarial networks targeting individuals.
1. Do not post content that depicts, threatens, or promotes sexual violence, sexual assault, or sexual exploitation.
2. Do not post content displaying, advocating for, or coordinating sexual acts with non-consenting parties.
3. Do not post any content that threatens or advocates for rape.
4. Do not post images depicting incidents of sexual violence or intimate images shared without the consent of the person pictured.
5. Do not post content depicting, advocating for, or mocking non-consensual sexual touching.
6. Do not post imagery depicting non-consensual sexual touching unless it is real-world art depicting non-real people with a condemning or neutral caption.
7. Do not make statements attempting or threatening to share, offer, or ask for imagery depicting non-consensual sexual touching.
8. Do not post descriptions of non-consensual sexual touching unless shared by or in support of the survivor.
9. Do not advocate for, threaten to commit, or admit participation in non-consensual sexual touching.
10. Do not mock survivors or the concept of non-consensual sexual touching.
11. Do not share content that identifies survivors of sexual assault if reported by the survivor.
12. Do not coerce money, favors, or intimate imagery from people with threats to expose their intimate imagery or intimate information (sextortion).
13. Do not share, threaten, state an intent to share, offer, or ask for non-consensual intimate imagery (NCII).
14. Do not promote, threaten to share, or offer to create non-real NCII through applications, services, or instructions.
15. Do not secretly take non-commercial imagery of a person’s commonly sexualized body parts or of persons engaged in sexual activity.
16. Do not share, threaten to share, or state intent to share private sexual conversations where lack of consent is indicated.
17. Do not post content relating to necrophilia or forced stripping unless in real-world art depicting non-real people with a condemning or neutral caption.
18. Do not make statements attempting to share, offer, ask or threaten to share images of necrophilia or forced stripping.
19. Do not make statements that advocate for, or mock survivors of, necrophilia or forced stripping.
1. Do not facilitate, organize, promote, or admit to criminal or harmful activities targeting people, businesses, property, or animals.
2. Do not expose the identity or location of individuals allegedly affiliated with an outing-risk group, share relationships with such members, or support their activities, except for political figures.
3. Do not disclose the undercover status of law enforcement, military, or security personnel, including their name, face, badge, or affiliations, with explicit references to their undercover status.
4. Do not coordinate, threaten, support, or admit to swatting unless in contexts of awareness raising, condemnation, fictional or staged settings, or redemption.
5. Do not depict, promote, advocate for, or encourage high-risk viral challenges unless for awareness raising or condemnation.
6. Do not coordinate, threaten, support, or admit to acts of physical harm against animals outside of specific exempted contexts like awareness-raising, condemnation, supervision, survival, or fiction.
7. Do not coordinate, threaten, support, depict, or admit to staged animal fights or fake animal rescues, except in specific contexts like awareness raising or redemption.
8. Do not coordinate, threaten, support, or admit to vandalism, theft, or malicious hacking, except in specific contexts like awareness raising, condemnation, or staged settings.
9. Do not offer to buy or sell votes with cash, gifts, or services except when shared in a context of condemnation, awareness raising, news reporting, or humor.
10. Do not advocate, instruct, or express intent to illegally participate in voting or census processes unless shared in exempt contexts.
11. Do not expose the identity of individuals in outings, endangering groups like LGBTQIA+, unveiled women, or non-convicted individuals as predators.
12. Do not create or share misleading imagery likely to deceive the public if it poses potential harm and is objected by the depicted entity or its representative.
13. Do not make statements of intent, calls to action, or encourage blocking access to essential services or threatening safety by obstructing passage.
14. Do not facilitate voter or census interference that affects participation in official processes or makes claims of potential law enforcement consequences.
15. Do not threaten to go to election or post-election activity sites with intimidation references, thereby potentially threatening individuals partaking in these activities.
1. Posting, sharing, engaging with content, or creating accounts, Groups, Pages, Events, or other assets at very high frequencies is prohibited.
2. Restrictions may be placed on accounts acting at lower frequencies when indicators of spam or inauthenticity, such as posting repetitive content, are present.
3. Selling, buying, or exchanging platform assets, such as accounts, groups, or pages, is prohibited.
4. Selling, buying, or exchanging site privileges, such as admin or moderator roles, or permissions to post, is prohibited.
5. Selling, buying, or exchanging content for monetary value, except for clearly identified Branded Content, is prohibited.
6. Selling, buying, or exchanging engagement (likes, shares, views, follows, clicks, etc.) is prohibited.
7. Offering cash or cash equivalents in exchange for engagement, such as likes or shares, is prohibited.
8. Offering anything of monetary value in exchange for engagement is prohibited.
9. Requiring users to engage with content (liking, sharing) before accessing promised content is prohibited.
10. Sharing deceptive or misleading URLs, domains, or applications is prohibited.
11. Cloaking to circumvent content policies by showing different off-platform content to integrity systems is prohibited.
12. Including misleading links that promise one type of content but deliver different content is prohibited.
13. Using deceptive redirect behavior, where websites change URLs or redirect users to different domains without user action, is prohibited.
14. Like/share-gating to gain access to specific content is prohibited.
15. Mimicking Instagram's platform functionality to get users to follow a link is prohibited.
16. Using deceptive landing page functionality that generates accidental traffic, like pop-ups or clickjacking, is prohibited.
17. Landing page or domain impersonation by using typos or misspellings to mimic well-known sites is prohibited.
18. Other deceptive uses of URLs or links that are similar to the prohibited practices are also banned.
1. Do not attempt to log into or commit fraudulent activity on memorialized accounts.
2. Do not post content related to the deceased's death if associated with victims of murder and suicide, on the deceased’s profile photo, cover photo, or recent timeline posts.
3. Do not post praise or support for the death, disease, or harm of the deceased associated with victims of murder and suicide on relevant profiles.
4. Do not share visual depiction of the object used in the deceased’s death on the profiles of victims of murder and suicide when requested by a family member.
5. Do not post imagery of the convicted or alleged murderer of the deceased on relevant profiles when associated with victims of murder and suicide.
6. Do not display the relationship status or friend status of the convicted or alleged murderer of the deceased on any related profiles when associated with victims of murder and suicide.
7. Do not post violating comments on a memorialized profile, as it would typically require self-reporting by the individual to indicate unwanted content.
8. Do not violate the community standards by using a non-authentic name on the deceased's profile, in accordance with the Authentic Name policy.
The provided document does not explicitly list behaviors that are prohibited on Instagram. Instead, it outlines scenarios under which Meta may comply with requests for account removal. However, from the text, we can infer certain actions related to account management:

1. The account of an incapacitated individual cannot be removed without a request from an authorized representative accompanied by Proof of Authority and medical documentation confirming incapacitation.
1. Users must not create content that proclaims or supports a violent mission or engage in violence.
2. Users must not engage in organizing or advocating violence against civilians.
3. Users must not dehumanize or advocate for harm against people based on protected characteristics.
4. Users must not engage in systematic criminal operations.
5. Users must not glorify, support, or represent Tier 1 designated entities, their leaders, founders, or prominent members.
6. Users must not glorify, support, or represent events designated as violating violent events, including terrorist attacks, hate events, or multiple-victim violence.
7. Users must not glorify, support, or represent perpetrators of designated violent events or share perpetrator-generated content.
8. Users must not share third-party imagery depicting the moment of violent attacks on visible victims.
9. Users must not glorify, support, or represent ideologies promoting hate, such as nazism and white supremacy.
10. Users must not provide material support or promoting activity to designated entities, including recruitment or financial support.
11. Users must not represent themselves as members of designated dangerous entities or create content owned or run on behalf of them.
12. Users must not engage in acts or create content that channels information or resources on behalf of a designated entity or event.
13. Users must not create Pages, Profiles, Events, or Groups purporting to be owned or run by a designated dangerous entity or designated event.
14. Users must not engage in Glorification, defined as legitimizing, defending, characterizing, or celebrating violent or hateful acts of a designated entity.
15. Users must not create content that references designated events or ideologies without clearly indicating intent, leading to potential ambiguity.
16. Users must not express aspirational statements of membership or desire to be part of a designated entity or perpetrator of a violent event.
17. Users must not engage in the glorification, support, or representation of designated hateful ideologies.
18. Users must not maintain any presence for Violent Non-State Actors or Violence Inducing Entities on the platform.
19. Users must not promote unfounded conspiracy theories that attempt to explain significant problems through secret plots if linked to offline harm.
20. Users must not engage in repeated hateful conduct or rhetoric even if it doesn't rise to Tier 1 interactions.
1. Requests for removal of an underage account must not be ignored. 
2. Non-sexual child abuse imagery must not be posted or shared, and such imagery will be removed upon government requests. 
3. Attacks on unintentionally famous minors must not be posted, and such content will be removed upon legal guardian requests. 
4. Content created for the purpose of identifying a private minor must not be posted if there is a risk to the minor’s safety, and will be removed upon requests by a user, government, law enforcement, or external child safety experts.
1. Do not use Meta’s copyrights or trademarks without Meta’s prior written permission or in a manner that is prohibited by the Meta Brand Resource Center.
2. Do not represent any of Meta’s brands in a way that makes it the most distinctive or prominent feature of the creative.
3. Do not modify Meta’s brand assets in any way, such as by changing the design or color, or using them in special effects or animation.
4. Do not imply, without Meta’s prior written permission, an endorsement or partnership of any kind with any of Meta’s brands.
5. Do not imply, without Meta’s prior written permission, an endorsement or support by any of Meta’s brands, technology, or program.
6. Do not depict the user interface of any products in an inaccurate manner concerning the current appearance, features, or functionality of the products.
7. Do not modify the user interface, such as adding special effects, interference, or animation.
8. Do not use elements of the user interface separately or individually.
9. Do not depict the user interface without context within a relevant device like a mobile or desktop.
10. Do not use music or other content in a manner that violates Meta’s music licensing agreements.
11. Do not stream Meta-owned and/or exclusively licensed Facebook Watch content without prior written approval.
12. Do not use intellectual property rights owned by Meta without prior written permission.
13. Do not use marks that are confusingly similar to Meta’s trademarks.
14. Do not engage in repeated violations of this policy, including by creating new accounts after removal.
1. Do not post content that promotes, encourages, coordinates, or provides instructions for suicide, self-injury, or eating disorders.
2. Do not post content that depicts graphic suicide, self-injury, and eating disorder imagery.
3. Do not post content depicting a person who engaged in a suicide attempt or death by suicide.
4. Do not post content that focuses on the depiction of ribs, collar bones, thigh gaps, hips, concave stomach, or protruding spine or scapula when shared together with terms associated with eating disorders.
5. Do not post content that contains instructions for drastic and unhealthy weight loss when shared together with terms associated with eating disorders.
6. Do not post content that mocks victims or survivors of suicide, self-injury, or eating disorders who are either publicly known or implied to have experienced suicide or self-injury.
7. Do not post imagery depicting body modification (e.g., tattoo, piercing, scarification, self-flagellation, etc.) when shared in a suicide or self-injury context.
8. Do not post photos or videos depicting a person who engaged in euthanasia/assisted suicide in a medical setting without a warning screen and restricting viewership to adults, ages 18 and older.
9. Do not post content that depicts older instances of self-harm, such as healed cuts or other non-graphic self-injury imagery, in a self-injury, suicide, or recovery context without including a label indicating the content may be sensitive.
10. Do not post content that depicts ribs, collar bones, thigh gaps, hips, concave stomach, or protruding spine or scapula in a recovery context without including a label indicating the content may be sensitive.
1. Content that offers or asks for prostitution, defined as offering oneself or asking for sexual activities in exchange for money or anything of value, is prohibited.
2. Offering or asking for sexual activity, including services like escort services, sexual/erotic massages, sex chats/conversations, or fetish/domination services, is not allowed.
3. Combining slang terms for prostitution with an offer or ask of availability, price, hint at price, or compensation, location, or contact information is prohibited.
4. Content that engages in explicit or implicit sexual solicitation combined with a price, hint at price, or compensation is not permitted.
5. Content that recruits or offers other people for third-party commercial sex work is prohibited under the Human Exploitation policy.
6. Engaging in explicit sexual solicitation by offering or asking for sexual activities such as sex or sexual partners, sex chat or conversations, nude photos/videos/imagery, or sexual fetish items is not allowed.
7. Making offers or asks that include sexual slang terms in the context of sexual solicitation is prohibited.
8. Engaging in implicit or indirect sexual solicitation by sharing contact information or suggesting to be contacted directly with a sexually suggestive element is prohibited.
9. Offering or asking for pornographic material, including sharing of links to external pornographic websites, is not permitted.
10. Using sexually explicit language that goes into graphic detail about a state of sexual arousal or an act of sexual intercourse is prohibited unless shared in a humorous, satirical, or educational context.
1. Do not create, use, or claim to use inauthentic Meta assets, such as accounts, pages, or groups, to deceive Meta or users about the identity, purpose, or origin of an audience or the entity they represent.
2. Do not create, use, or claim to use inauthentic Meta assets to deceive Meta or users about the popularity of content or assets on the platform.
3. Do not create, use, or claim to use inauthentic Meta assets to deceive Meta or users about a Meta asset’s ownership or control network.
4. Do not create, use, or claim to use inauthentic Meta assets to evade enforcement under the Community Standards.
5. Do not misuse Meta reporting systems to harass, intimidate, or silence others.
6. Do not engage in inauthentic distribution by using a connected network of inauthentic Meta assets to increase the distribution of content misleadingly about its popularity.
7. Do not engage in inauthentic audience building by using inauthentic Meta assets to misleadingly increase the viewership or following of network assets.
8. Do not engage in foreign inauthentic behavior by using inauthentic Meta assets to falsely represent a domestic or local voice, deceiving audiences about the entity's identity, purpose, or origin.
9. Do not engage in inauthentic engagement by using a connected network of inauthentic Meta assets to deliver large quantities of fake engagement in ways designed to look authentic.
10. Do not engage in substantially similar deceptions using sophisticated, connected networks of inauthentic Meta assets to deceive Meta or its users about the origin, popularity, or purpose of content.
11. Do not engage in or claim to engage in coordinated inauthentic behavior where inauthentic accounts are central to the operation, using adversarial methods to evade detection or appear authentic.
12. Do not engage in coordinated inauthentic behavior using a variety of adversarial and inauthentic techniques to manipulate public debate.
13. Do not engage in or claim to engage in foreign interference through coordinated inauthentic behavior targeting audiences from a different country than the operators' location.
14. Do not engage in or claim to engage in government interference through coordinated inauthentic behavior attributable to a government actor.
15. Governments must not use their official departments, agencies, and embassies to deny the use of force or violent events in the context of an attack against the territorial integrity of another state in violation of Article 2(4) of the UN charter.
1. Do not post imagery or videos of people, living or deceased, in non-medical contexts depicting dismemberment.
2. Do not post imagery or videos of people showing visible innards, such as exposed organs, bones, or muscle tissue, on living or deceased persons.
3. Do not post imagery or videos of burning or charred persons.
4. Do not post imagery or videos depicting throat-slitting.
5. Do not live-stream capital punishments.
6. Do not make sadistic remarks expressing joy or pleasure from the suffering or humiliation of people or animals.
7. Do not post sadistic remarks towards imagery that receives a warning screen under this policy, unless it depicts acts of self-defense or is in a medical context.
8. Do not make sadistic remarks towards imagery depicting a person’s violent death or life-threatening event by uniformed personnel performing a police function.
9. Do not make sadistic remarks towards imagery depicting acts of brutality by uniformed personnel performing a police function.
10. Do not make sadistic remarks towards imagery depicting deceased fetuses and babies outside of the womb.
11. Do not post explicit sadistic remarks towards the suffering of animals or imagery depicting animals going from live to dead.
12. Do not offer or solicit imagery that is deleted or receives a warning screen under this policy, when accompanied by sadistic remarks.
13. Do not post imagery of people depicting dismemberment in non-medical or non-religious contexts without a warning screen.
14. Do not post imagery of visible innards, such as exposed organs, bones, or muscle tissue, on living or deceased persons without a warning screen.
15. Do not post imagery of burning or charred persons, including in contexts of cremation, without a warning screen.
16. Do not post imagery depicting a person's violent death or life-threatening event without a warning screen.
17. Do not post imagery depicting capital punishment of a person, excluding live-streams, without a warning screen.
18. Do not post imagery depicting acts of brutality against people or groups without a warning screen.
19. Do not post imagery depicting non-medical foreign objects piercing a person’s skin without a warning screen.
20. Do not post imagery depicting a person’s broken, bleeding teeth, removed teeth, or foreign objects inserted into the teeth or gums without a warning screen.
21. Do not post imagery of animals depicting dismemberment, visible innards, burning or charring, or being boiled alive without a warning screen.
22. Do not post imagery of animals, still living or going from live to dead, with visible innards or dismemberment of non-regenerating body parts, unless in the wild, without a warning screen.
23. Do not post imagery depicting already-dead animals with dismemberment, visible innards, burning, charring, or blood present, without a sensitivity label.
24. Do not post imagery depicting people committing acts of brutality on living animals.
25. Do not post imagery depicting non-medical foreign objects piercing a person’s skin in a religious or cultural context without a sensitivity label.
26. Do not post imagery depicting visible innards in a birthing context without a sensitivity label.
27. Do not post imagery depicting a person’s violent death or life-threatening event by uniformed personnel performing a police function without a sensitivity label.
28. Do not post imagery depicting fetuses and babies outside of the womb that are deceased, unless another person is present in the image, without a sensitivity label.
29. Remove imagery depicting the violent death of someone when requested by a family member of the deceased.
30. Remove video including audio of a person’s confirmed violent death when requested by a family member of the deceased.
1. Accounts that egregiously or persistently violate Community Standards must not be used.
2. Content involving egregious harms that may require referral to law enforcement must not be posted.
3. Posting or managing content in violation of Community Standards, especially when persistent, is prohibited.
4. Engaging in deceptive or dangerous business activities that violate Advertising Standards is not allowed.
5. Accounts that are owned by someone whose account has been disabled must not be created or managed.
6. Evasion of previous account or entity removal by creating or repurposing accounts or entities is not permitted.
7. Creating an account specifically to contact a user who has blocked a previous account is prohibited.
8. Using an account to evade enforcement actions or review processes is forbidden.
9. Linking closely with a network that violates or evades policies is not allowed.
10. Coordinating within a network to persistently or egregiously violate policies is prohibited.
11. Using a network of accounts with activity indicative of violating purposes is not allowed.
12. Engaging in off-platform activity that can lead to harm on Instagram is prohibited.
13. Accounts owned by convicted sex offenders or those convicted of sexual abuse must not operate on the platform.
14. Accounts owned by or run on behalf of Designated Entities are not allowed.
15. Using Instagram products, services, or software in violation of applicable laws is prohibited.
16. Creating or using accounts or entities through unauthorized automated means like scripting is not allowed.
17. Maintaining empty accounts with prolonged dormancy is discouraged without engagement in permissible activities.
1. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, coordinate the trade of, donate, gift, or ask for high-risk drugs are prohibited.
2. Admitting to buying, trading, or coordinating the trade of high-risk drugs by oneself or through others is prohibited.
3. Admitting to personal use of high-risk drugs without acknowledgment of recovery, treatment, or assistance is prohibited.
4. Coordinating or promoting high-risk drugs is prohibited.
5. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, coordinate the trade of, donate, gift, or ask for non-medical drugs are prohibited.
6. Admitting to buying, trading, or coordinating the trade of non-medical drugs by oneself or through others is prohibited.
7. Admitting to personal use of non-medical drugs without acknowledgment of recovery, treatment, or assistance is prohibited.
8. Coordinating or promoting non-medical drugs is prohibited.
9. Attempting to sell or promote non-medical drugs paraphernalia is prohibited.
10. Content containing merchandise depicting non-medical drugs is prohibited.
11. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade prescription drugs are prohibited, except when listing vaccine prices in an educational context for adults 18 and over.
12. Attempts to donate or gift prescription drugs are prohibited, except in crisis situations.
13. Asking for prescription drugs is prohibited, except in discussions about affordability, accessibility, or efficacy.
14. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, or gift entheogens are prohibited.
15. Attempting to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, or ask for marijuana and products containing THC or related psychoactive components is prohibited.
16. Content that coordinates or promotes marijuana and products containing THC or related psychoactive components is prohibited.
17. Business-related content by marijuana dispensaries that attempts to buy, sell, or trade marijuana is prohibited.
18. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, or ask for ingestible and non-ingestible cannabidiol (CBD) products are prohibited.
19. Content making disease claims about non-ingestible cannabidiol (CBD) products is prohibited.
20. Content depicting marijuana paraphernalia is prohibited.
21. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, explosives, or lethal enhancements are prohibited.
22. Attempts to donate or gift firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, explosives, or lethal enhancements are prohibited.
23. Asking for firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, explosives, or lethal enhancements is prohibited.
24. Selling, gifting, exchanging, transferring, coordinating, promoting, or providing access to 3D printing or computer-aided manufacturing instructions for firearms or firearms parts is prohibited.
25. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade machine gun conversion devices are prohibited.
26. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade bladed items or other weapons (e.g., pepper spray, knuckle rings) are prohibited.
27. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade tobacco/nicotine-related products or products that simulate smoking are prohibited, except by brick-and-mortar entities.
28. Attempts to donate or gift tobacco/nicotine products or “ENDS” products are prohibited, except by brick-and-mortar entities.
29. Asking for tobacco/nicotine products or products that simulate smoking is prohibited.
30. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade alcohol are prohibited, except by brick-and-mortar entities or when offering an invitation to an alcohol venue.
31. Attempts to donate or gift alcohol or tobacco are prohibited, except by brick-and-mortar entities.
32. Asking for alcohol products and beverages is prohibited.
33. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, mention, or ask for weight loss products or services are prohibited.
34. Admitting to or depicting the use of a weight loss product in a favorable context is prohibited.
35. Coordinating or promoting diet products is prohibited.
36. Depicting a body-change comparison related to weight loss in a manner that implies negative self-perception is prohibited.
37. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, mention, or ask for cosmetic products, procedures, or surgeries are prohibited.
38. Admitting to or depicting using a cosmetic procedure or surgery, highlighting its impact, is prohibited.
39. Coordinating or promoting a cosmetic procedure or surgery is prohibited.
40. Depicting a before and after transformation of skin conditions from a cosmetic product in a manner that implies negative self-perception is prohibited.
41. Attempts to buy, sell, promote, trade, donate, gift, or ask for adult sexual arousal products are prohibited.
42. Attempts to sell, trade, depict, or promote online gaming and gambling services involving monetary value are prohibited.
43. Attempts to sell, trade, depict, or promote social casino games that simulate gambling games are prohibited.
44. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, or ask for endangered species or their parts or protected plants are prohibited.
45. Admitting to or encouraging poaching or trading endangered species is prohibited.
46. Depicting poaching or trading endangered species by the poster is prohibited.
47. Coordinating or promoting products from endangered species is prohibited.
48. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, or ask for historic artifacts are prohibited.
49. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, donate, gift, or ask for hazardous goods and materials are prohibited.
50. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade human body parts are prohibited.
51. Asking for human fluids exchange is prohibited.
52. Attempts to buy, sell, or trade human fluids are prohibited, except for the donation of human fluids like semen or blood plasma.
53. Attempts to buy, sell, trade, coordinate the trade of, donate, gift, or ask for recalled goods are prohibited.
1. Do not post content that violates someone else's intellectual property rights, including copyright, trademark, or other legal rights.
2. Do not sell or promote counterfeit goods.
3. Do not falsely affiliate with brands.
4. Do not infringe upon any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights.
5. Do not post content that contains signs suggesting the sale or promotion of counterfeit branded goods.
6. Do not include off-platform links to websites dedicated to the sale or promotion of suspected counterfeit goods.
7. Do not sell or promote suspected counterfeit goods that are identical or similar to content previously reported as counterfeit by a rightsholder.
8. Do not share, promote, or facilitate suspected copyright infringement.
9. Do not engage in repeated violations of the intellectual property rights policy.
1. Users must not post real photographs and videos of nudity and sexual activity.
2. Users must not post AI- or computer-generated images of nudity and sexual activity.
3. Users must not post digital imagery of nudity and sexual activity, regardless of photorealism.
4. Users must not post imagery of visible genitalia unless labeled with a sensitive warning screen in a medical or health context.
5. Users must not post imagery of visible anuses and/or fully nude close-ups of buttocks unless labeled with a sensitive warning screen in a medical or health context or edited onto a public figure.
6. Users must not post images of uncovered female nipples unless they are in a breastfeeding, mastectomy, medical, health, or act of protest context.
7. Users must not post imagery of explicit sexual activity or stimulation.
8. Users must not post images depicting explicit sexual intercourse or oral sex with visible genitals or anus.
9. Users must not post explicit stimulation of genitals or anus if direct contact is visible.
10. Users must not post implicit sexual activity or stimulation unless labeled with a sensitive warning screen in a medical, health, or sexual wellness context, or limited to adults aged 18 and older in certain contexts.
11. Users must not post erections or the presence of by-products of sexual activity unless labeled appropriately in a medical or health context.
12. Users must not post imagery of sex toys placed upon or inserted into the mouth unless in an appropriate context.
13. Users must not post imagery depicting squeezing female breasts unless in a breastfeeding context.
14. Users must not post imagery depicting acts likely to lead to the death of a person or animal.
15. Users must not post images involving dismemberment, cannibalism, or bestiality.
16. Users must not post images involving fetishes, including feces, urine, spit, snot, menstruation, or vomit participation.
17. Users must not post digital imagery of adult sexual activity except when in a medical awareness, scientific discourse, or sexual health discussion context, and with adult age restrictions.
18. Users must not post extended audio of sexual activity.
19. Users must not post imagery depicting logos, screenshots, or video clips of pornographic websites.
20. Users must not post content containing sexual audio without appropriate context and labeling.
1. Content must not offer loans requiring the user to pay an advance fee to obtain a loan.
2. Content must not offer loans with a guarantee or near-guarantee of approval, either explicitly stated or implicitly understood based on context.
3. Content must not offer real money gambling services with a guarantee of winning.
4. Content must not imply or admit to having rigged the outcome of a game or match.
5. Content must not solicit people to enable match fixing or seek help or tips on how to fix a match or game.
6. Content must not offer investment opportunities where returns on investment are guaranteed or risk-free.
7. Content must not offer investment opportunities where returns are partly or fully based on recruitment of others to participate in the scheme.
8. Content must not offer investment opportunities of a “get-rich-quick” nature or claim that a small investment can lead to large returns.
9. Content must not offer to turn a certain sum of money into a larger one through schemes like cash flips.
10. Content must not offer or ask for money muling or use bank accounts for transferring money on behalf of others.
11. Content must not request, solicit, or offer to facilitate money laundering using financial transactions.
12. Content must not scam or defraud users by misrepresenting the identity of the poster or the nature of a request.
13. Content must not make fraudulent requests for money or donations under the guise of charity.
14. Content must not attempt to establish romantic relationships for the purpose of scamming or asking for money.
15. Content must not falsely claim to represent an established business or entity.
16. Content must not offer false government grants or other governmental funding sources.
17. Content must not offer tangible rewards for membership in organizations like cults or sects, or for using magical services.
18. Content must not offer heavily discounted insurance with requests for an advance fee.
19. Content must not offer jobs with unclear descriptions or get-rich-quick promises.
20. Content must not promise to delete or reduce debt fraudulently or through false government programs.
21. Content must not offer guaranteed rewards of real money based on outside registration or sharing personal information.
22. Content must not falsely promise money in exchange for advance fees or payments.
23. Content must not offer fake or forged documents, including visas, green cards, or certificates.
24. Content must not offer or trade counterfeit currency or vouchers.
25. Content must not engage in carding, including trading stolen credit cards or financial instruments.
26. Content must not offer to buy, sell, or trade Personal Identifiable Information, unless it's fictional.
27. Content must not trade fake product reviews/ratings or incentivize such behavior.
28. Content must not trade credentials for subscription services in an unauthorized manner.
29. Content must not share or trade exam papers or services that enable cheating in exams or passing drug tests.
30. Content must not manipulate or misuse devices for inaccurate pricing or services.
31. Content must not offer products that access digital content unauthorizedly.
32. Content must not promote misleading health claims or guarantees.
33. Content must not establish or pretend to be a fake persona or famous person to scam or defraud.
34. Content must not offer or ask for surveillance products designed to surreptitiously view or record others.
35. Content must not offer compensation for lawsuit participation using false representations.
36. Entities must not engage in organized fraudulent behavior, including using multiple accounts in concert for fraudulent activities.
The provided document does not explicitly list specific behaviors or actions that are prohibited on the platform. Instead, it describes procedures for handling content that may violate local law or Community Standards. However, I can infer the actions that are implicitly prohibited based on the document's focus on content moderation and legal compliance:

1. Violation of Community Standards: Users must not post content that goes against Instagram's Community Standards, as this content is subject to removal.
2. Posting Unlawful Content: Users must not post content that is deemed unlawful according to local laws, as it may be restricted in the relevant jurisdiction following legal review.
3. Violating International Human Rights Standards: Users must not post content that violates international human rights standards, as Instagram conducts human rights due diligence in such cases.

For detailed and specific rules about what behaviors are prohibited on Instagram, you would need to directly refer to Instagram's Community Standards or Safety Center, which typically outline detailed prohibitions and guidelines for user conduct.
1. Do not access accounts, profiles, or other Meta entities that are not your own through deceptive means or without explicit permission from the account, profile, or entity owner.
2. Do not obtain, acquire, or request another user’s login information, personal information, or other sensitive user information for the purpose of unauthorized access.
3. Do not engage in phishing by creating communications or websites designed to look reputable to fraudulently acquire sensitive user information.
4. Do not use social engineering tactics to repeatedly or consistently attempt to acquire answers to common account or password recovery questions.
5. Do not create, share, develop, host, or distribute malware or other malicious code that compromises user security.
6. Do not encourage or deceive users to download or run files, apps, or programs that compromise online or data security.
7. Do not create, share, or host browser extensions or mobile applications that are malicious or put users or products at risk.
8. Do not share or advertise software or products that enable circumvention of security systems, including hacking software, passwords, or credentials.
9. Do not provide online infrastructure, such as web hosting services or domain name system servers, that enables abusive links violating the spam or cybersecurity sections of the Community Standards.
1. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that recruit people for, facilitate, or exploit people through sex trafficking, including any commercial sexual activity with a minor or with an adult involving force, fraud, or coercion.
2. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve the sales of children or illegal adoption.
3. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve orphanage trafficking and orphanage volun-tourism.
4. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve forced marriages.
5. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve labor exploitation, including bonded labor.
6. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve domestic servitude.
7. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve non-regenerative organ trafficking, except for organ removal, donation, or transplant in a non-exploitative organ donation context.
8. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve forced criminal activity, such as forced begging or forced drug trafficking.
9. Do not post content, activity, or interactions that involve the recruitment of child soldiers.
10. Do not post content where a third-party actor recruits for, facilitates, or benefits financially or otherwise from commercial sexual activity.
11. Do not post content that offers to provide or facilitate human smuggling.
12. Do not post content that asks for human smuggling services.
1. Remove misinformation or unverifiable rumors that expert partners have determined are likely to directly contribute to a risk of imminent violence or physical harm to people.
2. Remove out-of-context media falsely claiming to depict acts of violence, victims or perpetrators of violence, weapons, or military hardware, especially in countries experiencing a heightened risk of societal violence.
3. Remove misinformation about vaccines when public health authorities conclude that the information is false and likely to directly contribute to imminent vaccine refusals.
4. Remove misinformation that vaccines cause autism.
5. Remove misinformation that vaccines cause Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS).
6. Remove misinformation that vaccines cause the disease against which they are meant to protect, or make the person receiving the vaccine more likely to get the disease.
7. Remove misinformation that vaccines or their ingredients are deadly, toxic, poisonous, harmful, or dangerous.
8. Remove misinformation that natural immunity is safer than vaccine-acquired immunity.
9. Remove misinformation that it is dangerous to get several vaccines in a short period of time, even if medically recommended.
10. Remove misinformation that vaccines are not effective at preventing the disease they purport to protect against, except for COVID-19, flu, and malaria vaccines.
11. Remove misinformation that acquiring measles cannot cause death, unless supported by additional information or context.
12. Remove misinformation that vitamin C is as effective as vaccines in preventing diseases for which vaccines exist.
13. Remove misinformation that promotes or advocates harmful miracle cures for health issues, such as treatments with no legitimate health use and likely to cause serious injury or death (e.g., bleach, disinfectant, black salve, caustic soda).
14. Remove misinformation about dates, locations, times, and methods for voting, voter registration, or census participation that could interfere with those processes.
15. Remove misinformation about who can vote, qualifications for voting, whether a vote will be counted, and what information/materials must be provided to vote.
16. Remove misinformation about whether a candidate is running or not.
17. Remove misinformation about who can participate in the census and what information/materials must be provided for participation.
18. Remove misinformation about government involvement in the census or that census information will be shared with non-census government agencies.
19. Remove false or unverified claims that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is at a voting location.
20. Remove explicit false claims that people will be infected by COVID-19 (or another communicable disease) if they participate in the voting process.
21. Remove false claims about conditions at a U.S. voting location that would make it impossible to vote, as verified by an election authority.
22. Place an informative label on or reject content that is digitally created or altered and creates a high risk of materially deceiving the public on a matter of public importance, specifically if it does not violate other Community Standards.
1. Do not share or solicit personally identifiable information (PII) of the poster or others, such as social security numbers, passport numbers, or individual taxpayer identification numbers.
2. Do not share government IDs of law enforcement, military, or security personnel.
3. Do not share records or official documentation of civil registry information such as marriage, birth, death, name change, or gender recognition documents.
4. Do not share immigration and work status documents such as green cards, work permits, or visas.
5. Do not ask for personally identifiable information of others.
6. Do not share personal contact information of others unless it has been made public by the individual or for specified purposes like promoting charitable causes.
7. Do not share full private residential addresses of others, including building names or pins on a map, except in specific contexts such as promoting charitable causes or contacting a business.
8. Do not share partial private residential addresses of others when used to organize protests or surveillance unless the residence is an official residence or embassy of a public official.
9. Do not share imagery of the external view of private residences if the conditions listed regarding identification and protests are met and there is no justifiable public interest.
10. Do not ask for private residential information of others, except for official residences or embassies.
11. Do not ask for locations of safe houses or expose information related to safe houses unless the safe house itself is promoting the information.
12. Do not share medical, psychological, biometric, or genetic/hereditary information of others when it comes from medical records or official documents.
13. Do not ask for medical information of others.
14. Do not share or ask for personal financial information such as non-public financial records, bank account numbers with security codes, or credit or debit card details.
15. Do not share or ask for non-public financial information about a business or organization unless originally shared by the organization or required by public reporting requirements.
16. Do not share content claimed to come from a hacked source.
17. Do not post photos or videos of minors under 13 without proper permissions, or of minors between 13 and 18, or incapacitated individuals where the reporting rights are specified.
18. Do not post content that depicts individuals in medical facilities without the appropriate right to report from those depicted or representing organizations.
19. Do not share source material or reports from foreign government influence operations related to elections.
