1. Do not violate applicable laws, Company policies, or the Code in any manner.
2. Do not retaliate against anyone who reports a concern in good faith or participates in an investigation.
3. Do not disclose confidential information to unauthorized third parties or in public places.
4. Do not misrepresent or falsify company records or information.
5. Do not engage in discrimination, workplace bullying, harassment, or sexual harassment.
6. Do not work under the influence of alcohol or drugs on company premises or while conducting work for the company.
7. Do not possess, sell, distribute, or consume illegal drugs or controlled substances on company premises or while conducting work for the company.
8. Do not offer, give, receive, or solicit bribes or anything of value to improperly influence any business decision.
9. Do not offer or accept any lavish gifts or entertainment that could be perceived as a bribe.
10. Do not provide false, misleading, or incomplete information to the Company or Business Partners.
11. Do not engage in any fraudulent activity, such as deception for gain or causing loss to another party.
12. Do not willfully damage company assets or use them for unlawful purposes.
13. Do not engage in insider trading or share insider information.
14. Do not engage in any business activities with sanctioned regions or parties that may lead to trade violations.
15. Do not engage in child labor, forced or involuntary labor, illegal employment, or trafficking within the organization or supply chain.
1. Business Partners must not engage in child labor or employ individuals below the minimum age for employment as defined by local laws.
2. Business Partners must not allow workers under the age of 18 years to perform hazardous work.
3. Business Partners must not use any form of modern slavery, human trafficking, forced, bonded, involuntary, or prison labor.
4. Business Partners must not restrict workers' freedom of movement or prevent them from terminating employment in accordance with local laws.
5. Business Partners must not engage in any form of discrimination or harassment, including but not limited to discrimination based on race, color, age, sex, religion, national or ethnic origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, pregnancy, or any other characteristics protected by applicable laws.
6. Business Partners must not tolerate behavior that is sexual, coercive, threatening, abusive, or exploitative in nature.
7. Business Partners must not exceed the maximum working hours mandated by local laws and regulations.
8. Business Partners must not pay less than the minimum wages and legally mandated benefits as required by applicable laws and regulations.
9. Business Partners must not require employees to work without providing legally mandated overtime compensation in compliance with local laws.
10. Business Partners must not fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations as well as internationally recognized standards for a healthy and safe working environment.
11. Business Partners must not fail to provide adequate and regular health and safety training and education to employees.
12. Business Partners must not ignore the requirement for internal procedures to prevent, manage, track, and report occupational injury and illness.
13. Business Partners must not neglect to develop and implement emergency plans and response procedures for potential emergency situations.
14. Business Partners must not engage in business activities or dealings with sanctioned regions and parties that may cause ByteDance to violate applicable international trade laws or regulations.
15. Business Partners must not facilitate the concealment or disguise of the true source of funds derived from illicit activity, violating anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws.
