1. Users must not use or access CSU information assets in a manner that conflicts with the CSU mission.
2. Users must not violate applicable laws, regulations, contractual agreements, CSU/campus policies or standards when using CSU information assets.
3. Users must not cause damage to or impair CSU information assets or the productivity of CSU users through intentional, negligent, or reckless action.
4. Users must not introduce harmful software, such as viruses, into CSU computing and networking systems.
5. Users must not knowingly disable automated update services configured on CSU computers unless appropriately authorized.
6. Users must not provide access or transmit Level 1 or Level 2 data to another user without prior approval from the data owner or custodian.
7. Users must not access or transmit unencrypted Level 1 data over a public network.
8. Users must not browse, monitor, alter, or access email messages or stored files in another user's account unless specifically authorized by the user.
9. Users must not use a password-protected account to access, modify, or destroy CSU or non-CSU information assets without authorization.
10. Users must not disclose passwords to any party or include passwords in documentation.
11. Users must not embed passwords in software code.
12. Users must not transfer or provide access to CSU information assets to outside individuals or groups without proper authorization.
13. Users must not purposefully misrepresent their identity, either directly or by implication, with the intent of using false identities for inappropriate purposes.
14. Users must not use a state-owned or state-leased computer to access, view, download, or otherwise obtain obscene matter, except for legitimate law enforcement, administrative investigation, or legitimate medical, scientific, or academic purposes.
15. Personal use of CSU information assets must not violate applicable laws.
16. Personal use of CSU information assets must not be in pursuit of the individual's private financial gain or advantage.
17. Personal use of CSU information assets must not interfere with the operation or maintenance of University information assets.
18. Personal use of CSU information assets must not interfere with the use of University information assets by others.
19. Personal use of CSU information assets must not interfere with the performance of the assigned duties of a university employee.
20. Personal use of CSU information assets must not result in a loss to the University.
Based on the provided section of the document:

1. It is prohibited to disseminate AI-generated content without vetting it for inaccuracy, deception, or fabrication.
1. Do not input confidential information (Levels 1 & 2) into generative AI tools that are publicly accessible.
2. Do not assume that any data shared with publicly accessible AI tools under standard settings is secure; it may risk disclosure of sensitive or proprietary details.
3. Do not prevent, prohibit, or inhibit the sanctioned use of information assets needed to meet CSU's core mission and campus academic and administrative goals.
4. Do not utilize information technology facilities, applications, hardware systems, and network resources owned or managed by the CSU in a manner that is non-conformant with CSU policies.
5. Do not allow auxiliaries, external businesses, and organizations to use campus Information Assets in a manner that does not conform with CSU policy.
6. Do not interfere with the CSU's right to limit access to its Information Assets or to use appropriate means to safeguard its data and preserve network and information system integrity.
7. Do not obstruct the CSU's activities related to monitoring communications across campus network services, actions on campus information systems, or the security of information systems attached to the campus network.
8. Avoid using information systems that have become a security hazard or have security vulnerabilities that could harm the network.
1. Do not create or contribute to the creation of phishing attempts.
2. Do not create or manipulate content to produce deepfakes.
3. Report any suspicious activities related to phishing or deepfakes to the campus help desk.
Based on the provided document excerpt about CSU’s policies regarding the use of AI services, the explicit rule for prohibited behavior is as follows:

1. All use of AI services must comply with the CSU Responsible Use Policy, prohibiting any non-compliant usage of AI services that do not adhere to this policy.
